0	Meanwhile, an analysis of the literature shows that the development of indicators of financial stability has not yet been completed.
1	Meanwhile, this list can be supplemented with instruments of monetary policy, which also have an impact on financial stability.
2	At the same time, in many cases, several instruments are used to reduce financial instability, which contributes to the achievement of various intermediate goals.
3	It is not possible to give a systematic assessment of financial stability and coordinate the use of monetary, macro-prudential and micro-prudential policies in order to reduce systemic risks.
4	Correlation was calculated for the years, where the information is available for both indicators.
5	Table 4 defines the criteria for market and institutional balance of financial stability, formed for the Russian economy.
6	The development of a risk map is necessary in order to determine the objects of regulation.
7	Blowing out a bubble has little effect on the asset itself.
8	In the state, the investment directions are tightly controlled, in private companies, there is a danger of their involvement in various risk schemes.
9	The decrease in IFS in early 2015 is due to a sudden increase in inflation at the end of 2014.
10	Figure 7 shows the dynamics of the financial stability of AO Alfa-Bank.
11	It ranks 6th among Russian banks in terms of assets.
12	In times of crisis, indicators give false signals.
13	But it is not a problem in this case, because after the crisis starts, it becomes well-known, so there is no need to predict it.
14	Selection of individual banks was made in order to show that the developed methodology could be used not only in relation to individual segments of the banking sector, but also in relation to individual banks.
15	Overall, financial stability in the banking sector was low.
16	That is, if within 6 months' indicators do not return to normal, then regulatory actions should be taken.
17	Therefore, during a crisis, IFS and PR indicators should not be used.
18	In the risk assessment, we proceeded from the traditional model of the bank, in which credit activity is the core business.
19	Schinasi, G. J.
20	Owing to the continuous increasing population and living standards, the demand for food and other agricultural products has Sustainability 2019, 11, 2259 3 of 17 coordination relationship between sub-systems, which is a result of interactions between elements in different sub-systems, this study involved cross-impact analysis of factors between sub-systems, which is involved in few previous studies.
21	Section 3, involves research results and discussion and discusses the coupling and coordinated development relationship and development trend.
22	Low annual precipitation and huge evaporation capacity aggravate the aridness in the region, resulting in infertility of the land.
23	Data of evaluation indicators from 1997 to 2016 in this study were obtained from statistical yearbook.
24	For the data about disaster areas of farm crops in 1999 and 2002, the missing values were filled by averaging adjacent data.
25	The agro-ecological environment sub-system involves three primary indicators, including eco-environment condition, eco-environment pressure, and eco-environment treatment, and eleven secondary indicators, as shown in Table 1 .
26	The results are shown in Tables 1 and 2 , respectively.
27	Also, natural disasters such as drought, floods, ecological degradation, and environmental pollution also limit the sustainable development of agriculture.
28	For instance, over-cultivation destroyed surface vegetation, thus aggravating soil erosion and desertification.
29	The abuse of pesticides and fertilizers led to damages to the biodiversity.
30	As a critical factor in the agricultural economy, the agricultural development input is a primary indicator of the agricultural economy sub-system, with a weight of 0.3570.
31	Indeed, the agricultural production in Yulin still remains in the traditional model and the prosperity of animal husbandry reduces its dependence on crop planting.
32	Therefore, sustainable development of the agricultural economy in Yulin mainly relies on increasing investment in agricultural infrastructure and exploiting land resources.
33	As shown in Figure 3 , the development index and three primary indicators for the agro-ecological environment fluctuated in 1997-2016.
34	The development index of the agricultural economy increased, which reflected the integrated development level of the four primary indicators.
35	According to the correlation tests, the agricultural output and the agricultural production efficiency were proportional to the agricultural resources input.
36	In other words, these factors are closely related to each other, which favors the understanding of the interaction mechanism between the agro-ecological environment and the agricultural economic sub-system in semi-arid regions.
37	EEC, EEP, EET, ADI, AO, APS, APE denote eco-environment condition, eco-environment pressure, eco-environment treatment, agricultural development input, agricultural output, agricultural productive structure, and agricultural productive efficiency, respectively.
38	This transition is a consequence of the continuous decline of the development level of the ecological environment in 1997-2006.
39	The coupling degree of the agro-ecological environment and agricultural economy is a high-level coupling, reflecting the high degree of interactivity between the two sub-systems.
40	Indeed, a universal method for all situations is never possible, due to variations in the regional environment.
41	This is done by combining the mathematical statistical method and the coupling coordinated model to fully understand the intrinsic relations and interactions of the coordinated development of the agro-ecological environment and agricultural economy system.
42	Their results indicated that the frequency of orders tend to decrease, but, when the reduction of carbon emissions is taken into account, the optimal levels of orders can be seen to increase.
43	Chaabane et al.
44	This is due to higher incentive costs resulting in a lack of motivation among manufacturers to implement CCER.
45	In comparison to the condition in which there is no consideration of the subsidy provided by the government, the duplication dynamic equation in this section holds a number of similarities with the equation in Section 3.2.
46	Hence, the subsidies provided by focal companies should attempt to make the saddle point posit on the right side of the initial proportions, in order to encourage members of the supply chain to adopt CCER in a both effective and efficient manner.
47	From practical perspective, this research can assist firms within supply chains to identify the factors they need to consider when deciding whether to adopt the CCER strategy, such as initial investment, operational cost, extra payment of CCER and how many firms within the supply chain currently implement CCER.
48	Additionally, the results obtained from the analysis can assist policy makers in identifying the most salient factors influencing the implementation of CCER.
49	One such pertinent area is the impact of debt diversification on firm value.
50	Our sample period spans from 1962 to 2015, and the financial data for our analysis has been obtained from COMPUSTAT.
51	We exclude financial, regulated and zero debt firms from our analysis 3 .
52	Leverage is the ratio of total debt to total assets.
53	Our second measure of debt diversification is the HH index that accounts for dispersion of debt between the debt sources by assigning a higher weight to those sources with a higher proportion in the overall debt.
54	This measure is computed using the same eight sources of debt thus: we measure the concentration of debt, the Herfindahl-Hirschman scores, by summing the squared ratios of individual debt to total debt.
55	This result is consistent with Carletti et al.
56	Dependent Variable: Tobin's Q is the ratio of the market value to the book value of the firm's total assets.
57	The main independent variable is HHI which is the dispersion-adjusted measure of debt diversification.
58	The coefficients are estimated using fixed effects estimator, and heteroscedasticity-adjusted standard errors, clustered at the firm level, are presented in parentheses.
59	The author assumed the application of a methodological approach which is common in social research.
60	The aim of the aforementioned steps was to detect possibly different behavior of joint stock companies and farms regarding the introduction of fair value of the tractor in the business books respective legal entities.
61	Therefore mentioned tractor model was in use about 46 years.
62	The authors observed the total interval age of tractors in use, and divided it into five observation period, as follows: 1955-1965; 1965-1975; 1975-1985; 1985-1995 and 1995-2005 , in order to discover similarities evaluating individual interval covered by the entire period.
63	In part four of the study it was examined if there were differences in the proportion of the sample of enterprises applying the fair value principle on the basis of measurements that were made four times, in 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2018, the years in which the research was conducted.
64	Display by age groups of the tractor and apply fair valuation for 2017 is given in Table 2 .
65	The authors also tried to establish a link between the age of tractors that the company owns and application of fair valuation.
66	Source: authors' calculation Table 6 shows the results following the testing.
67	The presented results can serve as a basis for obtaining an overall picture when it comes to the application of the fair value of the tractosr in the period 2015-2018 in the Republic of Serbia.
68	The third point relates to the last year of studies, ie 2018, when it comes to the fair value of tractors in relation to the five preset interval, in which the company tractors are classified according to the criteria of age.
69	In addition, the positive thing is that the youngest tractors are fair valued, although it should be noted that this is economically speaking the old working machines, which have a value, ie after the assessment it is necessary to make a fair evaluation in business books.
70	Another test was performed within this point.
71	The tractors produced in the period 1995-2005 were evaluated in the business books in general.
72	Control signals for the stimulator were produced by specialized electronics, modified from the design of Milkman et al.
73	Stability over the duration of the experiment was monitored by repeating flicker photometry prior to every experimental session.
74	A multitude of mechanisms may contribute to these harmonics, including nonlinearities in the contrast-response function and response to local flicker.
75	We initially assume that these components do not interact.
76	However, it may be possible to account for the bulk of the observations via a single mechanism which is sensitive to both the standing and modulated gratings, provided that chromatic sensitivities of this mechanism deviate from that of a pure luminance detector.
77	A final alternative is that the hypothesis of a single mechanism sensitive to both stimulus components is wrong in a qualitative way, and that there are specific interactions between luminance and chromatic signals.
78	The results of this analysis are shown in the lower half of Table 5 .
79	In the standard view, the S cone does not contribute to luminance.
80	However, in all cases, a nonzero contribution Q S from the S cone was required to reconstruct the model mechanism's sensitivity.
81	As shown in Figs.
82	When the superimposed grating is present, the modulated grating alternates between phases of high and low effective contrast, depending on whether it is in phase or out of phase with the luminance component of the superimposed grating.
83	The central luminance signal must be more complex than an L ϩ M cone signal carried by the magnocellular pathway: it is either modified by an S-cone input, or coexists and interacts with a second luminance signal with S-cone input.
84	Object boundaries generally are associated with color differences, but luminance changes generated by shadows and curvature typically are not.
85	This is, in part, due to the lack of longitudinal follow-up studies of the cognitive functioning of people who consume different amounts of alcohol over a long period of time, that is, years.
86	Hence, they may have little bearing on understanding the long-term effects of alcohol use on cognition.
87	In contrast to these shorter studies, Edelstein et al.
88	We found that cognitive decline occurred in all age groups.
89	Women nondrinkers exhibited almost one point greater MMSE decline than did heavy, frequent drinkers and about two thirds of a point greater decline than did habitual users.
90	Similar analyses of variance were then undertaken to compare the change in mean MMSE score between men and women for those with a DSM-IIIR diagnosis of alcohol use and/or dependence as compared with those who did not have this diagnosis.
91	Finally, when stratifying the analysis by each of the six age groups, we found that no interaction with age and cognitive change and "use" or "nonuse" status was seen.
92	The mean weekly level of alcohol consumption was divided into quartiles to reflect increasing amounts of use.
93	Finally, a point of concern is that, because the amount of alcohol intake was based on each individual's recall, there is the potential of poor recall reliability among participants.
94	Unfortunately, their information could not be verified by proxy.
95	Other study limitations include the MMSE's being too insensitive to pick up specific cognitive changes or more subtle global cognitive decline.
96	Such a change would be difficult to pick up in this study, because of the "ceiling effect" of the MMSE.
97	However, the database did not provide any more detailed measures.
98	They found no significant difference in any of the conditions.
99	The pair and region specificity of the results and the temporal consistency of the coherence values successfully validate the robustness of the data.
100	Recession defects associated with caries or restorations, as well as teeth with evidence of pulpal pathology, were excluded.
101	The study protocol involved a screening appointment to verify eligibility, followed by initial therapy to establish optimal plaque control and gingival health conditions; surgical therapy; and postoperative evaluation 6 months later.
102	A custom stent was used for probe positioning.
103	The study teeth were free of plaque and gingival inflammation prior to surgery, during, and at the end of the study.
104	Similarly, the baseline GT values reported here are consistent with earlier reports on gingival thickness.
105	The magnetic properties were studied by magnetization measurements on polycrystalline samples URh 1−x Ru x Ge with x ≤ 0.6, URh 1−x Co x Ge with x ≤ 0.9 and URhGe 1−x Si x with x ≤ 0.2.
106	Each sample was melted several times and turned over after each melt to improve the homogeneity.
107	Clearly, chemical and mechanical pressure give different results.
108	We have investigated the evolution of ferromagnetic order in the correlated metal URhGe by substitution of Ru, Co and Si.
109	As have we already said, the coefficients are the same for all three kinds of operators, two of spinorial and one of vectorial character.
110	Operatorsã a andã a are Grassmann odd operators.
111	According to Eq.
112	According to Eqs.
113	These eight vectors are presented in Table Vb .
114	Half of them have an odd and half an even Grassmann character.
115	We see that the two sets of Casimir operators, M 2 and Γ of Subsect.3.1.1.
116	Each bispinor forms the irreducible representation with respect to the generators of the Lorentz transformations in the four dimensional subspace of the five dimensional Grassmann space.
117	We present these vectors, taken from ref.
118	There are eight bispinors, two by two bispinors connected into a four spinor by the operatorsγ a in the way thatγ 0 is diagonal.
119	Analyzing the space of 16 vectors of an even Grassmann character with respect to the operators of vectorial character, we find two scalars and two three vectors which do not depend on the coordinate θ 5 and two four vectors which do depend on the coordinate θ 5 .
120	The diagonal matrix elements ofτ 3 and τ 8 are also given.
121	In the same subspace the operators of vectorial character define one scalar and one three vector of an even Grassmann character.
122	Products of octets from Table VIIb with singlets  from Table VIIIb and products of singlets from Table VIIb with singlets from Table VIIb have expectation values of τ 31 zero or ±1.
123	It is chosen to participate to the outer products of vectors by the part of an even Grassmann character only, either for the spinorial or for the vectorial case.
124	The supersymmetic partners of the gauge bosons, required by the supersymmetric extension of the Standard Electroweak Model, can in the proposed theory exist only as constituent particles.
125	Inferences of community assembly rules from statistical analyses of presence/absence data are controversial.
126	A majority of migratory species also have breeding populations in Sweden and Norway that transit Denmark during migration.
127	This hierarchical framework groups species into guilds of ecologically similar species, with congeneric species within foraging guilds exhibiting the greatest similarity in foraging behavior and morphology.
128	Conspecific attraction then might permit one species to dominate numerically a habitat patch so that it becomes less attractive to arriving heterospecifics, which either fail to establish territories or rapidly emigrate to other patches of similar habitat that support larger numbers of their own species.
129	Geography.
130	Indices of Species-Specific Colonization Potential.
131	The average C-score, calculated over all unique species pairs within an ecological guild, summarizes the pattern of co-occurrence as a single metric.
132	The larger the C-score, the fewer incidents of co-occurrence among pairs of species.
133	For this reason, comparison with an appropriate suite of null models is essential.
134	The least likely cell to be chosen would be the one with the smallest row and smallest column sum.
135	The rational for this model is that total biomass reflects the total energy that has been sequestered by the species in Denmark, integrating the effects of both population size and body size.
136	Co-occurrence analyses of congeneric guilds.
137	Table S7 .
138	The concept of eigenvalues and eigenvectors play an important role in the control theory of linear time-invariant systems, both continuous-and discrete-time.
139	Definition 5.
140	Theorem 10.
141	In discrete-time case, one defines the forward-shift operator δ that acts on K in the usual way.
142	Proof.
143	Example 15.
144	In this paper, the PVA model to directly determine not only the positions but also the kinematic accelerations is proposed, and the validation of the algorithm is demonstrated with in situ GPS measurements.
145	The atmospheric effects such as tropospheric and ionospheric delays are modeled in the Kalman filter for the medium to long baseline scenario.
146	However, it should be noted that the DD ionospheric delays are correlated with not only time but also baseline length.
147	However, the spatially correlated atmospheric errors should be modeled as the spatial separation between the two receivers increases.
148	A Cessna Grand Caravan was used for the survey and it was flown with the help of autopilot at a constant altitude, i.e., 10,000 feet, in order to get as smooth a flight as possible.
149	To evaluate the filter efficiency, the convergence of the covariance matrix Pk is examined.
150	As explained in Section 2, the ZWD residuals are estimated at each station including the aircraft and then final TZDs are computed by adding the modeled values to the estimated ZWD residuals.
151	As shown in Figure 4a , no significant variations of TZDs for the reference stations are observed while abrupt changes in the magnitude of values can be seen in the TZD estimated from the aircraft.
152	In airborne gravimetry, however, a smoother is applied to the acceleration to extract meaningful gravity signal.
153	The Kalman filter with PVA dynamic model is used for the kinematic positioning so that the kinematic acceleration information can be obtained simultaneously.
154	The algorithm is implemented and tested with in situ airborne GPS data collected at 10,000 ft altitude with 1 s data interval.
155	Negative and positive reactions were carried out with human placentas used as reaction control.
156	All the stroma cells were counted until reaching 1000 cells in each case.
157	Our results showed that the perimeter and the major glandular diameter were significantly higher in the group of women in amenorrhoea.
158	The different findings were probably related to the short length of LNG-IUS use in these other series.
159	Another difference in the present study was that the MMP-3 was found in focal points in all endometrial stromal cells, and not restricted to areas showing stromal breakdown and tissue shedding.
160	Neuro-musculo-skeletal disorders often result in degradation of the human balance control system.
161	Therefore, the main focus of this article is the development of an algorithm for instability detection that can be later used as an integral part of a sensor for measuring balance and stability during quiet standing.
162	Therefore they proposed that one has to measure the magnitude and the direction of the COM velocity in addition to the COM position to be able to predict stepping during standing.
163	The fundamental problem with this technique is that it heavily depends on body anthropometry and body mass distribution, which cannot be accurately determined.
164	Depending on the position of the COP with respect to these four zones, it is possible to determine whether a standing able-bodied individual is stable or unstable.
165	Since in this study we considered only the anteriorposterior direction of sway and perturbation, only the kinematics of the anterior-posterior displacements were recorded.
166	Also, to distract the attention of the subjects from the perturbation, the subjects wore headphones and listened to whale sounds, which relaxed the participants and did not have a particular rhythm that could potentially influence the subjects' sway.
167	The weight applied was incremented by 0.454 kg until the subject made a step, and then one more weight of 0.454 kg was added, to ensure that at least two stepping trials were recorded per subject.
168	As it was our intention to obtain a model that is representative of the actual able-bodied individuals' response to perturbation, the subjects were asked to react as naturally as possible to the perturbations.
169	Th.2A The mean value of the maximum COP among trials in which no ankle movement was detected, i.e.
170	These anterior stepping thresholds were determined using all the anterior-perturbation non-stepping trials.
171	According to the abovementioned equations, the sensitivity of a step predictor is the probability that steps were detected in a trial in which the subject had to step.
172	The number of trials differed for each subject, because each individual participant required a different amount of weight to be perturbed sufficiently to make a step to recover balance.
173	Table 1 .
174	As the step threshold increases, the sensitivity decreases linearly whereas generally the specificity increases linearly.
175	As a result, the dynamic predictor with Th.1P and Th.3P predicted stepping in all trials.
176	Therefore, these dynamic predictors are not suitable for the step predictors.
177	Therefore, these dynamic predictors are not suitable for those purposes.
178	This point remains to be improved in future before incorporating the step predictor into an FES standing system.
179	As this study involved only young subjects, it would be valuable to examine the relationship between COP and COPv for the elderly, and whether the predictor coefficients are affected by age, neurological and musculo-skeletal disorders.
180	As the peak COPv occurs considerably before the peak COP displacement, the peak COP estimated using a regression equation from the peak COPv may serve as a step predictor if it is compared with a COP step threshold.
181	Thus, we proposed the dynamic predictor which can determine 171-225 ms earlier than the static predictor whether a perturbed individual will have to take a step due to a perturbation.
182	The results of this study showed an important parameter of human standing physiology and provided an algorithm for the sensor system that can be used to detect instability during quiet standing.
183	Distinguished from color and multispectral imaging systems, hundreds of narrow contiguous bands about 10 nm wide are obtained in hyperspectral imaging system.
184	Normalize the dictionary to avoid trivial solutions.
185	The framework of the proposed method is illustrated in Figure 1 .
186	Step 4: Apply basic detector on the sparse matrix S to get the detection result.
187	Synthetic data experiments are conducted in this subsection.
188	Figure 4c is the corresponding ground truth.
189	In the proposed method, the tradeoff parameter λ and the number N of elements of the learned dictionary are also important.
190	The rank of the low-rank matrix and the level of sparsity are required in the LRaSMD method, in which the best setting of these parameters are often difficult to grasp.
191	For example, in the CRD method, different sizes of windows are needed to achieve optimal results for different data sets.
192	The AUCs using these dictionaries under different λ are shown in Figures 7 and 8 .
193	For the CRD method, we set the size of the inner window at 11 × 11 and the size of the outer window at 15 × 15.
194	For the RPCA method, different tradeoff parameters are tried and the optimal results are chosen for different situations due to the sensitivity of the algorithm.
195	For the LRASR method, the sparse constrain of the low-rank representation matrix is set at 0.1, and the tradeoff parameter is set at 10 for the simple background and 0.1 for the complex background for its best performance.
196	It also has the best ROC curve.
197	CRD has good results on complex background.
198	As shown, the proposed LRRaLD method detects the most anomalies among the five methods.
199	RPCA and LRaSMD have poor results on complex background, which might be because their models are drawn from a single subspace and cannot handle a complex background.
200	After removal of the low-SNR bands and the uncalibrated bands, 149 bands are used.
201	In this section, two widely used real HSI data sets, which contain ground-truth, are applied to evaluate the performance of the proposed method.
202	GRX, CRD, RPCA, LRaSMD and LRASR are used as comparisons.
203	In this subsection, we compare the proposed method with GRX, CRD, RPCA, LRaSMD and LRASR on real data sets.
204	On the HYDICE urban data set, the optimal parameters used for other methods are as follows.
205	This is mainly because the stripped noises of the HYDICE data set have a relatively high magnitude.
206	Both experiments on synthetic and real data sets illustrate the advantage of the proposed LRRaLD method.
207	The experimental results show that the proposed method is more robust to its parameters.
208	Effectiveness: based on LRR, the intrinsic low-rank property of HSI can be well exploited.
209	Robustness: using LD as the dictionary of LRR algorithm, a better separation of anomaly and background can be achieved, which makes the proposed method more robust to the tradeoff parameter as a result.
210	In this study, a new anomaly detector based on LRR and LD for hyperspectral imagery is proposed.
211	Individual consistency may have important ecological, evolutionary and conservation consequences, such as the reduction of intraspecific competition.
212	Given the generalist nature at the population level, our objective is to reveal the individual patterns of resource use in loggerheads-that is, do individuals forage over a broad resource base or are they specialists within the generalist population?
213	We estimated the time required for scute to grow 50 mm to calculate the duration represented in an entire scute sample.
214	We estimated that one 50 mm layer of loggerhead scute is equivalent to 0.6 years.
215	We will discuss how these PRR signaling pathways could contribute to cancer immunotherapy despite limiting gene therapy with Ad-based vectors.
216	This effect might be dependent on the Ad dosage for gene transfer rather than from natural infection of Ad.
217	If transient type I IFN expression proves sufficient to provoke anti-tumor immunity, type I IFN gene therapy might constitute a kind of safety switch with self-inactivation due to type I IFN signaling.
218	It's been analyzed each mathematically and through an experiment that this system is capable to preserve the first brightness to particular extents.
219	Though these ways will perform sensible contrast enhancement, they conjointly cause a lot of annoying facet effects reckoning on the variation of grey level distribution within the histogram.
220	The histogram with range fro m 0 to L-1 is subdivided into two parts, with separating intensity .
221	No patient had previous angina pectoris or myocardial infarction.
222	Most Several pathological studies have demonstrated that coronary atherosclerotic disease complicated by thrombosis is the most common morphological substrate of acute coronary events and sudden death in adults.1-10 Only a few reports have addressed the pathological lesions of coronary atherosclerosis and the pathophysiological mechanisms of fatal myocardial ischemia in young people.1112 The aim of the present study was to establish the frequency, extent, type, and possible pathophysiology of sudden death in the young due to coronary atherosclerosis.
223	In the time interval from January 1979 to June 1993, we collected 200 consecutive cases of sudden death in young people within the target project "Juvenile Sudden Death" of the Veneto region, Italy.
224	Sudden death was defined as unexpected death as a result of natural causes within 1 hour of initial symptoms in persons s35 years of age; cases of sudden infant death syndrome were excluded from the study.
225	Since coronary arteries were not fixed in distension and therefore collapsed, the degree of stenosis might have been overstimated.
226	Collapse, in particular, is a problem in young individuals with pliable elastic vessels.
227	With the increasing number of therapeutic options, considerable effort has been directed toward identifying optimal therapies for specific segments of the NS-NSCLC patient population given the paucity of evidence in this area.
228	All patients were required to have a minimum of 1 month of follow-up after index, which excluded patients who progressed or died within the first 30 days following index and ensured receipt of at least one cycle of first-line induction therapy.
229	To characterize treatment patterns, we evaluated the total number of cycles of induction therapy, the proportion of patients treated according to label for induction therapy defined as having four or more cycles, the proportion of patients treated with maintenance therapy after induction, and the proportion of patients treated with second-line therapy.
230	Additionally, the discontinuation rate of both induction and maintenance therapy was also reported together with reasons for discontinuation and reasons for not initiating maintenance therapy.
231	CP cohort received bevacizumab, whereas the majority of the CP cohort received pemetrexed and erlotinib.
232	Furthermore, in subset analyses, there remained a statistically significant improvement in median PFS and OS for patients treated with bevacizumab who were aged C65 years and for those who had brain/ CNS metastases at initiation of therapy.
233	However, Zhu et al.
234	The discordance observed by the latter analysis of Medicare patients may be explained by the changing treatment patterns during the time frame in which Zhu et al.
235	As with all observational research, there are limitations that must be considered to allow for valid interpretation of the study findings.
236	While data were collected through a multimodal approach, it is still possible that important data elements remained unavailable.
237	Included in this analysis were patients traditionally excluded from bevacizumab therapy, and subset analysis reveals that those patients with brain/CNS metastases or aged C65 years maintain a statistically significant benefit in terms of OS and PFS with the addition of bevacizumab.
238	Semiquantitative Reverse Transcription-PCR and RealTime PCR Analysis of IL-8 and LPA Receptors.
239	Data shown are means Ϯ S.E.
240	Optical densities were determined using a SoftMaxPro 40 plate reader at 450 nm.
241	The membranes were then washed three times and incubated with appropriate horseradish peroxidase-conjugated secondary antibodies at room temperature.
242	The most significant effect was observed with Rho kinase inhibitor Y27632.
243	The results suggest a role for p38 MAPK and Rho kinase in LPA-modulated cell motility.
244	These data suggest a role for p42/44 MAPK, p38 MAPK, and Rho in the modulation of IL-8 and IL-6 secretion by LPA.
245	The results suggest that JNK is not activated by LPA in human FLS.
246	However, after priming with TNF-␣ for 2, 8, and 24 h, LPA-induced IL-8 secretion was strongly enhanced.
247	Our data show that LPA induces a strong migration of FLS, suggestive that activated LPA receptors on FLS may act directly as a driving force in the pannus invasion of cartilage in RA.
248	The biological effects of LPA are mediated by one or more LPA receptors, depending on the cell type studied.
249	We also demonstrated that signal transduction through p42/44 MAPK, p38 MAPK, and Rho kinase but not JNK is involved in LPA-dependent cytokine secretion.
250	Furthermore, our data suggest that up-regulation of LPA 3 receptor expression and enhanced LPA-induced cytokine secretion by TNF-␣-primed FLS would strengthen the inflammatory responses.
251	In addressing these questions we tested the following five general hypotheses and a number of related questions.
252	These differences in definition did not alter the results in substantial ways.
253	Sample points were placed at 10-m intervals along each transect for a total of 24 sample points per plot.
254	Annual rates per subplot were estimated as the sum of the values for the five incubation periods.
255	Several alternative measures of N residence time, productivity, and use efficiency were examined and compared.
256	These various estimates did not differ substantially, and only the more numerous indirect light interceptionbased estimates are used in this study.
257	In this paper we present data for woody plants, combining tree and shrub layer biomass values.
258	All relationships are significant at P Ͻ 0.001. mass and fractional distribution of fine biomass in roots.
259	Fine root productivity was estimated to range from 2 to 9 Mg·ha Ϫ1 ·yr Ϫ1 across the tree/grass and fire frequency continuum.
260	Given that N deposition inputs at Cedar Creek are ϳ5-10 kg N·ha Ϫ1 ·yr Ϫ1 , frequent fires should lead to a net loss of N capital.
261	Under natural fire regimes, forests reduce the probability of fire as a result of higher litter and surface soil moisture, lower temperatures, and higher humidity than grasslands.
262	Tachycardia has been observed consistently in many haemodynamic studies on the non-depolarizing neuromuscular blocker fazadinium.
263	No manipulations were undertaken while the 15-min haemodynamic study was performed.
264	When it was completed methohexitone, fentanyl and fazadinium were given as required and the operation started.
265	Differences in mean haemodynamic values between the sinus rhythm and atrial fibrillation groups were analysed using Student's t test for unpaired data.
266	In patients in heart failure with atrial fibrillation fazadinium produced qualitatively similar changes in peripheral resistance, mean arterial pressure, heart rate and puhnonary wedge pressure, with subsequent decreases in stroke index and cardiac index.
267	These findings are consistent with the precarious haemodynamic status of patients with atrial fibrillation.
268	Regular flooding during the rainy season of September to November is common also in this region.
269	A large number of ethnic minority groups in Vietnam live in the mountain areas.
270	A simple random sampling was used for the formal survey.
271	Several techniques were used to determine usual portion sizes.
272	Pa-Ko women in both the low FVS and high FVS groups used similar quantities of wild vegetables, but the high FVS group used twice as many varieties.
273	The nutrient contribution of wild vegetables to total micronutrient intakes in the two regions is illustrated in Fig.
274	In contrast, the high FVS group in the Central Highlands used less vegetables and less wild vegetables, but the difference was not significant.
275	Hatloy et al.
276	This shows that wild edible plants are well integrated in the farming systems and food systems, as proposed earlier.
277	An important practical implication of our study is that we have shown that a food variety analysis can be used to capture the role of wild foods and that it is essential to pay attention to their contemporary use in nutrition and food security assessments.
278	In situations where food composition data are limiting and socioeconomic conditions make it difficult to use standard dietary analysis, a rapid food variety analysis can be a useful tool to help identify individuals or groups with inadequate diets.
279	The design so formulated turns out to be a nonconvex problem.
280	Further, we discovered cell-intrinsic and keratin-dependent changes in mitochondrial protein and lipid composition, leading to increased oxygen consumption and elevated ATP levels.
281	The absence of all type I keratin genes in stratified epithelia was predicted to disable KIF formation in all stratified epithelia.
282	Finally, stratum corneum compactness appeared decreased in KtyI −/− and increased in KtyII −/− K8 skin samples, with respect to controls.
283	To further dissect KIF requirements for barrier formation, the proteome profile of highly insoluble CEs from KtyI −/− and KtyII −/− K8 in comparison with WT epidermis was analyzed.
284	A clone positive for the homologous recombination was used to target the 5′ end of the keratin type I cluster.
285	Small pieces of the embryo tails were cut for positive control of the tests.
286	CEs were collected after addition of 5 ml CE-II and centrifugation at 5,000 g for 15 min at room temperature.
287	Dried lipid extracts were dissolved in 300 µl of methanol.
288	PE, PS, PG, PI, and PA measurements were performed in the positive ion mode by scanning for neutral losses of 141, 185, 189, 277, and 115 D at CE of 25 eV.
289	The analysis of CL was performed by TLC.
290	Graphs were generated using SigmaPlot software.
291	S4 exhibits the similar desmosomal defects in KtyI −/− and KtyII −/− K8 skin at E18.5 via their analysis by immunofluorescence, transcriptome profiling, and Western blotting.
292	Additional Strömgren photometry of 140 northern HK metal-poor candidates has been obtained by Schuster et al.
293	TS protein is complexed in intact cells with the C-terminal coding region of c-myc mRNA that includes nucleotide positions 1625 to 1790.
294	RNA electrophoretic gel mobility shift assays confirm a specific interaction between TS protein and c-myc mRNA and provide additional evidence that the C-terminal coding region represents an important cis-acting regulatory element.
295	RT-PCR analysis.
296	All DNA oligonucleotide primers were synthesized on an Applied Biosystems model 391 DNA synthesizer.
297	Under this condition, the 275-bp DNA insert was obtained.
298	As seen in Fig.
299	Given the results presented in Fig.
300	However, when the intracellular level of TS protein is sufficient to allow for ongoing cellular growth and function, TS is then free to bind both to its own corresponding TS mRNA and to c-myc mRNA, resulting in their translational inhibition.
301	Although there is now a growing body of evidence demonstrating the ability of RNA-protein interactions in the 3Ј UTR to affect translational initiation, the precise molecular mechanisms by which this takes place remain to be characterized.
302	In conclusion, our studies demonstrate that in addition to its role in the regulation of TS mRNA translation, TS protein may be involved in the translational regulation of c-myc mRNA.
303	The users were basically satisfied but not quite aware of what service they could expect.
304	Children with an epileptic focus in particular parts of the brain may show selective deficits related to that area.
305	Prevalence of epilepsy in persons with CP varies with the type of motor impairment.
306	After reached consensus about the criteria to classify CP, they presented the prevalence rates in six countries, and more detailed prevalence estimated of 13 areas.
307	In Sweden, practically all children with motor disabilities are brought up by their parents or sometimes foster parents.
308	Children with severe learning disability with IQs at the upper and attend special schools for those with learning disability and children with profound learning disability have some degree of educational activity on a daily basis, i.e.
309	Children born prematurely, particularly those with birth weights below 1500 g, considered as a group, do less wll at school than their fully-developed contemporaries.
310	Emotional and psychosocial problems are disproportionately high in people with epilepsy, particularly in people with intractable epilepsy.
311	Importance of this study is reflected in the fact that this is the first time in Bosnia and Herzegovina that the influence of the prenatal etiological factors on learning difficulties of the children and adolescents with the cerebral palsy has been determined with use of a scientific method.
312	Further details can be found in Subsection A.1.
313	The following two lemmas are crucial for the proof of Lemma 3.3.
314	Now let us combine the previous two lemmas to prove Lemma 3.3.
315	During the nesting period, birds experience unpredictable environmental events, such as adverse weather conditions, that can lead to physiological stress reactions.
316	Data for studying factors affecting FCM levels were collected in July-August 2010, simultaneously in the two colonies.
317	Each adult was sampled for faeces only once.
318	CHD gene-based analyses were performed with the primer pair F2550 and R2718, according to Griffiths et al.
319	The 11-oxoaetiocholanolone-EIA for the FCM analysis was successfully validated for birds of both sexes and age groups.
320	There are, however, no clinical or numerical data showing whether multiple cuts will be beneficial.
321	Biomechanical performance was assessed by quantifying the muscle damage, the force required to deliver successfully and the muscle stresses.
322	A damage model was then included in the constitutive model, allowing the determination of the onset of damage and its most likely location.
323	Figure 4 shows the evolution of the percentage of muscle tissue presenting complete fibre damage during the descent of the fetus head, considering different approaches of mediolateral episiotomies performed at 30°.
324	However, as far as muscle damage is concerned, it is interesting to note that if the cut is performed on both sides of the muscle, there is almost no difference between the angle of the incision being 30°or 45°.
325	Although the episiotomy at 30°seems favourable compared to the other angles analysed, if there is additional laceration it may affect the anal sphincter, increasing the risk of PFD.
326	To better understand the impact of different approaches of episiotomies, we should also take into account the growth of the incision.
327	The biomechanical behaviour of the muscles is affected by their thickness, so a difference in thickness between the pubovisceral muscle and the iliococcygeus muscle could lead to slightly different results.
328	Although preferably used as a last resort, the idea of using three-dimensional models to teach this type of procedure, noting how it affects pelvic musculature, is an important complement to traditional teaching methods.
329	Despite the complexity of the tissue composition, the intrinsic chromophores can be revealed using spectral unmixing techniques.
330	Additionally, this unmixing approach requires higher sampling in the optical spectrum; i.e., the number of wavelengths used in PA measurements should be sufficiently high to fit data accurately.
331	Since no prior information regarding the absorption spectrum exists due to the complex plaque morphology, and multiple chromophores concurrently contribute to PA generation, a blind-source unmixing technique was implemented, and its ability to distinguish chromophores in plaque tissue was investigated.
332	Porcine blood, freshly obtained from a local slaughterhouse, was used to mimic recent intraplaque hemorrhages.
333	The study was approved by the local ethics committee, and the samples were collected with the informed consent of the patients.
334	The high echogenicity of the cholesterol is due to the relatively stiff crystal form of the cholesterol used, and should not be mistaken for calcifications in plaque samples.
335	The results of unmixing for plaque cross-sections are in agreement with the phantom results.
336	In Fig.
337	Based on the ICA theory, the number of measurements should be at least equal to the number of independent components.
338	Detection of intra-plaque hemorrhages is vital to capture indications of plaque vulnerability.
339	The results of ICA yields unmixed components that have a distinct characteristic in the optical absorption spectrum for the measured wavelengths only.
340	In the results sections, we presented the high contrast results as well as the lower contrast images to demonstrate the overall performance of the unmixing without any bias.
341	However, the mixing matrices obtained from real plaque samples can be used as a lookup table for real-time measurements.
342	METHODS.
343	The second day after surgery, the eyelid suture was taken out.
344	The PCR procedures of reverse transcription and specific target amplification were performed as follows: 508C for 60 minutes, 958C for 3 minutes, 20 cycles at 958C for 15 seconds, and 608C for 15 minutes.
345	S3; Fig.
346	The addition of NMN or NAD þ improved the morphologic characteristics of HCECs.
347	In cultured dorsal root ganglion neurons, the latent period precedes morphologic changes and usually begins within approximately 4 to 6 hours, accompanied by NMNAT2 depletion and transient phosphorylation of MKK4 at S257/ T261.
348	A useful frontline and today's gold-standard diagnostic technique to assess progression of atherosclerosis is an invasive x-ray angiogram.
349	In addition, direct detection of lipids is very likely within this region as the absorption spectrum of lipids is well differentiated from other plaque chromophores, particularly at ∼1210 and ∼1700 nm due to the second and the first overtone of C-H bond vibrations within lipid molecules, respectively.
350	Similarly, Hui et al.
351	As demonstrated by those reports, careful optimization is needed in both hardware and software in order to achieve a faster imaging speed toward reliable real-time monitoring of atherosclerosis.
352	Lastly, laser jitter noise and the bipolar shape of pulsed PA transients that are caused by photon-transducer interaction, compressions, and rarefaction, respectively, have an adverse effect on the spatial resolution and contrast of the system which can eventually distort resulting images.
353	Furthermore, its low peak power is beneficial for clinical uses compared to its pulsed counterparts as a tissue is exposed to much lower photon energy.
354	In this conventional CW-based IV-PA, however, the magnitude of the resulting PA signals is very small, and this has been the primary factor preventing the development of this method in the field.
355	However, the compressed PA signals in this mode offer very high SNR that may compensate for the weak pressure magnitude of the raw acoustic signals.
356	Journal of Biomedical Optics 080902-4 August 2019 • Vol.
357	In this case, the shape of resulting PA signals would highly resemble wide-band δ-like optical pulses and τ can be accurately measured by evaluating their peaks.
358	However, these studies were indirect to assessing the necrotic core of a plaque and did not consider the potential effects of a blood medium on imaging parameters as most photons in this wavelength region would become strongly attenuated by hemoglobin before reaching a plaque.
359	The spectral regions with different slopes were interpreted as an increase or decrease in the absorption with wavelength and were used to generate corresponding image contrasts.
360	More intuitive multiwavelength pulsed IV-PA was reported by Allen et al.
361	Their study showed that simple subtraction between the two independent IV-PA images generated at the abovementioned wavelengths could improve imaging specificity toward lipids by eliminating nonlipid information of plaques.
362	The corresponding 3-D representation in Fig.
363	Without any noise signals in proximity, therefore, differential IV-PA was shown to be immune to signal interference that could potentially distort the conveyed information.
364	However, these may come at extra cost in system preparation and slower image acquisition times.
365	For relatively large-scale imaging using phantoms, the frequency-swept CW-based PA methods have been demonstrated to be highly competitive to their pulse-based counterpart in terms of imaging depth, SNR, and resolution while utilizing compact, robust, and much less expensive CW laser diodes with low power optical irradiation.
366	The alternative IV-PA technique based on CW optical excitation has also been introduced.
367	Using direct assessment of action potential activity in trigeminal axons we observed neither paracrine nor axon reflex mediated cross-talk between olfactory and trigeminal sensory systems in the rodent nasal cavity.
368	The sensory innervation of the mammalian nasal cavity by the trigeminal and the olfactory systems endows the nasal epithelium with a broad spectrum of sensory modalities.
369	Most studies have focused on the suppressive effect of trigeminal stimuli that elicit sensations of pungency on the perception of odorants.
370	Volatile odorant and irritant stimuli concealed in metal housings were placed on the drinking tubes.
371	Stock solutions were diluted to the required concentration in the perfusing solution on the day of each experiment.
372	The heating-element bath perfusion circuit had a thermal time constant of approximately 14s.
373	Since the olfactory bulb was removed during preparation of the isolated half-skull, axon-reflex signalling was examined for axons innervating the respiratory and olfactory epithelium in the nasal cavity and the dura mater lining the anterior cranial fossa surrounding the olfactory bulb dorso-laterally and termed here "olfactory dura mater".
374	If individual axons branched to both the olfactory meninges and the nasal cavity, action potentials conducted by axon reflex should have been evident at the recording electrode in the nasal cavity in response to mechanical probing of the olfactory dura mater.
375	At this site, it is only possible principally to record anti-dromic activity in the trigeminal axons.
376	Scale bar: 2mm, background adapted from barrios et al.
377	Since our recordings from the ethmoid nerve necessitated removal of the olfactory bulb, we were not able to test the possibility of trigeminal axon branching into the olfactory bulb.
378	This observation extends the concept that headaches arise from activation of trigeminal afferents innervating the cranial dura mater to one in which the origin of headache includes activation of their axonal projections at extracranial sites.
379	It starts with the premise that political parties are key institutions in a democracy.
380	Scholars will also need to rethink how to conceptualize political parties in an era when activists affiliated with different interest groups work closely together to pursue collective partisan goals.
381	The point is that in applying the useful concept of the party as an extended network, scholars need to keep in mind the distinct features of the formal party organization relative to other groups.
382	For the purposes of this essay, I make a distinction between the formal party committee and partisan allies operating legally through non-party groups.
383	This imperative to organize strongly as partisans bumps directly against the prevailing candidate-centered framework, which assumes money flows primarily through individual candidate committees.
384	What constitutes a stronger party is an important and contested question.
385	The reason that campaigns might spend the marginal dollar on ads instead of GOTV is not entirely clear, but it seems plausible that campaign professionals rely on advertising so much because effective GOTV requires the kind of sustained coordination and investments that might only be accomplished by durable organizations, like a well-resourced political party, aiming to elect candidates up-and-down the ballot.
386	Certainly, more research should examine how parties make decisions about what they do with their funds.
387	Citizens United gives greater leeway for partisans to spend money directly in elections through groups that the public knows little about.
388	In theory, political parties strengthen transparency and accountability.
389	And it is far from clear that party purists, who by nature see compromise as a "sell out," would agree to settle matters within the party committee when they could instead help nominate their favorite candidates through campaigning in primaries.
390	The ability of the president to raise money for both the party and candidates has strengthened his hand as party leader and helped him push his agenda.
391	Second, party committees potentially play a positive role in controlling funds, particularly during an era when partisan organizing is highly salient.
392	The study protocol was approved by the ethics committee of the institution and each subject gave an informed consent before entering the study.
393	The common materials of their work include brick, concrete, stone, whitewash, granite, travertine, marble, man-made mineral fibres etc.
394	The process control provided keeping of the exposures at the permissible levels.
395	An interviewer-led questionnaire was completed by all study subjects.
396	Chisquare test was used for testing association between COPD and studied variables.
397	We found higher prevalence of respiratory symptoms in the last 12 months in bricklayers than in office workers with significantly higher prevalence of cough and phlegm.
398	We found significantly higher COPD prevalence in bricklayers than in office workers that confirms the increased risk for developing COPD in construction jobs.
399	We found significant association between COPD and duration of occupational exposure in bricklayers.
400	For a long time, as the infrastructure of the state developed, the two sectors had parallel roles in the provision of welfarewith the voluntary sector often characterised as providing for the deserving poor and the state for the 'undeserving poor'.
401	In terms of its survival and spread, the Compact can be judged as a success.
402	In 2009, it was re-endorsed through a process of 'refreshment'.
403	Government also identified the agreement of a Compact as a useful indicator of satisfactory progress in partnership working, which could help to release central funds v A number of local factors were also important in promoting the spread and implementation of local Compacts.
404	Craig et al.
405	Others, however, would see the annual meeting and other steps that have been put in place as offering a more fluid and flexible approach to institutionalising the Compact.
406	The compact process can be seen as part of an exercise of governmentality … within the context of a newly emerging partnership relationship between formal government and some more managerially minded parts of the voluntary sector.
407	Some in the sector certainly welcome the new opportunities that this offers.
408	This does not only affect individual jobs and organisations.
409	Government cuts to public spending were also to reduce the resources available for support and research to the remaining Compact infrastructure.
410	But the implications of current policy are that the state's role, especially at local level, will increasingly be that of a commissioner, with commissioning as the main mechanism for funding.
411	Progress has been halting, has varied considerably across government departments and localities and has been vulnerable both to changes in personnel and to being crowded out by more immediate policy imperatives.
412	Therefore, IAQ has a great effect on human health.
413	Indoor airborne chemicals are emitted not only from construction materials but also from furniture, household goods, and personal care products.
414	These were then heated to 105 °C at 2.5 °C/min.
415	The difference in the maximum values was even larger, with the values lower by about 0.25 to 0.003 times.
416	Since the measurements were completed within 6 months after the completion of construction in IAQ-S 2009, it was emphasized that the IAQ-S 2015 houses had much better IAQ than those tested in 2009.
417	From this result, it may be preferable to move to new houses 1 month after the construction.
418	The emission rates of interior and building materials chosen in this study are shown in Table 5 .
419	The reduction in the concentration levels of the five substances, which are regulated by national act, six most abundant substances, and TVOC in the newly built houses over 1 month, was confirmed.
420	Cell differentiation generates phenotypically distinct cell types within the biofilm, such as matrix producers, swimmers, competent cells, antibiotic producers, and so on.
421	We provide mechanistic details of why excessive iron is needed for robust biofilm formation in B. subtilis and uncover an adaptive strategy for acquisition and utilization of large amounts of iron during B. subtilis biofilm development.
422	Many of those NRPs had dispensable roles in biofilm formation as assessed by the biofilm phenotypes of the mutants 21 .
423	Puzzled by this observation, non-polar in-frame deletion mutations for each individual genes in the dhbA-F operon were constructed and biofilm phenotypes by those in-frame deletion mutants were examined.
424	In a recent study, Rizzi et al.
425	Scale bar, 5 mm.
426	Cells were incubated in MSgg at 30°C for 2 days before images were taken.
427	It was unclear whether increased abundance of those proteins was due to upregulated gene expression upon increasing iron availability, and more importantly whether any of those proteins might be critical for biofilm formation.
428	To test that, three different experiments were carried out.
429	Highlighted in red are enzymes whose activities depend on iron as a cofactor.
430	In summary, these results suggest that media iron concentrations have a strong effect on the expression of iron-containing ETC proteins, and that some of those proteins are essential for robust biofilm formation in B. subtilis.
431	As shown in Fig.
432	To test the above hypotheses, cells from either the inner or the outer region of the wild-type colony biofilm were picked.
433	A unique question investigated in this study is why excessive amounts of ferric iron, hundreds fold higher than for normal growth, are needed to promote robust biofilm formation in the bacterium B. subtilis.
434	Source data are provided as a Source data file needs aqueous environment to form a circuit between the redox probe and the reference probe and only pellicle biofilm can satisfy this requirement.
435	Glutamate is a key component in the biofilm-inducing media for B. subtilis 3 and its absence will result in structurally much weaker biofilms 58 .
436	Bacillus subtilis strain PY79, 168, NCIB 3610 3, 27, 61 , and derived strains were cultured in lysogenic broth 62 at 37°C.
437	Oligonucleotides were purchased from Eurofins Genomics and DNA sequencing was also performed at Eurofins Genomics.
438	The integration of the P dhbA -lacZ fusion or the P tapA -mKate2 reporter fusion, which was from the strain TMN503 65 into the chromosomal amyE locus of virous B. subtilis strains and verification of such integrations were described in a previous publication 66 .
439	Biofilm assays.
440	The OD 600 values of the biofilm samples were later converted to colonyforming units using standard plating techniques.
441	The MSgg medium, which contained 50 μM of FeCl 3 as the unique electron-acceptable component in this system, was directly used as electrolyte.
442	This allows us to rewrite eq.
443	We have expanded eq.
444	It is apparent that the arguments of the zeta functions in each term in the sums are such that they form a partition of L into a sum of odd integers greater than one.
445	Naively treating the real-valued constraint as a predicate, or a Boolean variable P , may lead to loss of information at the synthesis time and unrealizability at run time.
446	Finally, we give our conclusions in Section VIII.
447	At the same time, the deviation between B 1 , B 2 and B 1 , B 2 is minimized.
448	However, the shield synthesized by existing methods is not aware of this problem, and thus may produce combinations of Boolean values that are not realizable in the real domain.
449	Toward this end, we leverage a utility function, γ, to impose robustness in addition to correctness constraints.
450	In this section, we present our method for ensuring the realizability of the shield's output signals.
451	Then, it uses P to compute a Boolean abstraction of ϕ r , denoted ϕ. Next, it uses ϕ to formulate a two-player safety game G where the antagonist controls I and O, the protagonist controls O , and W is the winning region where the protagonist may win the game.
452	In other words, F restricts the search to realizable solutions, and R allows us to have more freedom while computing the winning strategy.
453	Example Fig.
454	Similar to R, states in F are divided into two types: normal and infeasible.
455	Fig.
456	Note that S bool is a Mealy machine that takes I and O signals as input and returns the modified O signals as output.
457	However, naively invoking the LP solver does not always produce a high-quality solution.
458	In all benchmarks, the original specification was given in STL, which has both timing and real-valued constraints.
459	Column 6 shows the number of conflicting constraints captured by the relaxation and feasibility automata, respectively.
460	In both cases, the response time is always bounded and fast enough for the target applications.
461	The adversarial vehicle drives straight through the intersection at a constant speed.
462	Yu et al.
463	Our results demonstrate the effectiveness of the method in enforcing safety properties of cyber-physical systems.
464	ACKNOWLEDGMENT This work was supported by the U.S.
465	The intersection graph of family of sets C is the graph whose vertices are identified with the elements of C, and two vertices are joined by an edge if the corresponding elements of C have a nonempty intersection.
466	Theorem 2.
467	In order to do this, we make use of the following immediate consequence of Theorem 1.
468	Let us briefly outline the proof.
469	This section is devoted to the proof of the following embedding lemma.
470	In the first h steps, we embed the vertices v 1 , .
471	Let H be the family of partial subdivisions of K 5 with at most 8 vertices.
472	We show that ∼ is an equivalence relation.
473	Proof of Lemma 10.
474	Proof of Theorem 6.
475	Moreover, a positive answer to Conjecture 16 would have similar implications as Theorem 2 for intersection graphs of curves defined on certain surfaces.
476	I would like to thank János Pach for valuable discussions.
477	Hence, we can suppose that every vertex has degree at least 3 in Q. As 7 is odd, Q has at least one vertex a of even degree, so the degree of a is either 4 or 6.
478	However, it does not provide much insight in to the physics of the structure and the resonance phenomenon taking place.
479	This resonator has two physical ports; hence, all column vectors are 2 × 1, and all matrices are 2 × 2.
480	As it is apparent from this figure, both solutions virtually overlap, which means that the proposed solution using TCMT is is accurately modeling the resonance behavior.
481	In the following, we investigate the possibility of achieving non-reciprocity in both cases.
482	It is worth noting that we have simplified the final expression in Eq.
483	In what follows, we demonstrate an interesting case of non-reciprocity with a similar structure.
484	Nevertheless, this method of modulation is hard to be implemented because of partial reflections of the modulating wave at boundaries, so a pure traveling wave modulation cannot be obtained.
485	The fitted solution for transmission from left to right and right to left can be seen in the Figs.
486	Nevertheless, there is a great difference between z 0 , w 0 for left to right and right to left transmission, which can account for the difference in their transmission.
487	Throughout the paper only a spatial neighbourhood of the simultaneous binary collisions between these two distressed binaries is considered.
488	The first asks, when considered as a power series about t c in t, whether each asymptotic orbit has an analytic continuation.
489	They link the regularisability of a set of singularities to the behaviour of the flow in an isolating block N around the singularities.
490	The primary aim of this section is to reprove Theorem 3.3 on the C 0 -regularisation of simultaneous binary collisions.
491	If one uncouples the interaction between the two distressed binaries the result is the direct product of two Kepler systems.
492	A qualitative plot of the dynamics is given in Figure 3 .1.
493	The C 0 -regularity of a well chosen block map π is clearly apparent.
494	Corollary 3.2.
495	The loss of differentiability at 8/3 is linked to the failure to compute approximate integrals at order 8.
496	These integrals give a foliation of a tubular neighbourhood of C into analytic, invariant 2-planes.
497	Theorem 4.1 completely characterises the formal normal form for arbitrary vector fields.
498	This is a consequence of the fact that X 0 decouples into the z 1 , z 2 system and a trivial vector field in the other variables.
499	So, we require F 7 or F 3 to be found which cancels with the R h term if the approximate integral h i exists.
500	In either case D is quasi-regular.
501	The transition is between σ 1 and σ 2 in the normal form X N .
502	For any choice of masses, the simultaneous binary collision is precisely C 8/3 -regularisable in the collinear 4-body problem.
503	Therefore, it is usual to desire an approximationμ that is accurate when measured by relative error.
504	Note that this question is slightly different than the problem most statistical estimates are designed to handle.
505	For x and m with the same units, the right hand side is unitless.
506	That is, the unique M -estimator using f as our ψ function is the sample average.
507	Both f and g can be expressed using weighted differences.
508	Our goal is to use as few samples as possible, which means simultaneously minimizing the quantities inside the brackets in Lemma 5.
509	Unlike the sample average, however, this M -estimator will always converge to a value, even when the mean does not exist.
510	Restricting stimuli in such a way acts to isolate the sensory information under study, but at the cost of investigating perception in a way that often bears little resemblance to anything we normally experience.
511	The elimination of bias suggests that observers utilize different visual cues in more naturalistic settings, which allow them to accurately estimate object properties, and it is the removal of these cues in the constrained reduced-cue setting that causes the perceptual bias.
512	However, it is clear that in a short period of time, consumer VR products will mean that researchers no longer have to pay the premium prices that have been demanded for researchgrade VR equipment, which has arguably held back its wider adoption.
513	However, this is not yet the case for all companies.
514	These have the benefit of simulating a totally unconstrained environment in a smaller physical space.
515	Of course, this freedom comes with certain problems.
516	Nevertheless, the experimenter has a record of where the observer was during the experiment, and it is possible to recreate the visual stimulus at each moment.
517	The key is that candidate models must include, and take account of, these parameters when seeking to explain the data.
518	The experiment would no longer ''get in the way'' of what the person is doing, and we would begin to study how sensory systems respond naturally in everyday life, rather than in the contexts of the experiment itself.
519	The day participants queue up to do our experiments, we will know that psychophysics research has really moved on.
520	Moronne, and E.Y.
521	In addition, this modulation may reflect conformational changes associated with channel opening that are prevented by tetraethylammonium or agitoxin.
522	Fluorescence-quenching studies with various molecules such as D 2 O and iodide have been used to examine fluorophore exposure to the aqueous environment.
523	Understanding the mechanism of fluorescence quenching can also yield information about the fluorophore's environment.
524	Changes in the hydrophobicity of the fluorophore's environment can lead to changes in fluorophore quenching.
525	This result was unexpected because interactions between the S4 segment and external pore have not previously been observed.
526	These experiments necessitated the development of a new optical technique based on an upright microscope and a water-immersion objective.
527	The calibration process was done by measuring the anisotropy of a known system, TMRM dissolved in glycerol, and then calculating the correction factor for the north-south and east-west excitation polarizations, which would give the correct anisotropy value from the actual microscope measurements.
528	In this case, the fluorescence kinetics appear to be faster for A359C T449Y than for A359C W434F.
529	In both cases, the fluorescence quenching became much larger after blocking ionic flow.
530	These anisotropy values change slightly in response to voltage, and the direction of the change is dependent on the site.
531	The first mechanism we tested is a voltage-dependent reorientation of the fluorophore.
532	For all four measurements, P Ͻ 0.01.
533	For both measurements, P Ͻ 0.01. be seen.
534	Because the fluorescence signal does not change directions as a function of polarization, it cannot be primarily responsible for the voltage-dependent fluorescence change.
535	Steady state TMRM anisotropy values for different sites in the channel.
536	The absence of modulation indicates that the W434F construct may be unable to undergo these external conformational changes near the pore, or that the W434F construct may not effectively bind these blockers.
537	In fact, both hypotheses could hold true, and the mutation may change the pore structure in a manner that prevents conformational changes and reduces TEA and agitoxin affinity.
538	In addition, access to the fluorophore by D 2 O at Ϫ90 and 0 mV argues strongly against a movement of the fluorophore from a completely hy- Figure 13 .
539	Thus, the remaining quenching mechanism, voltagedependent quenching by nearby protein residues, becomes the most likely candidate.
540	Modulation of fluorescence by the state of the external pore suggests that the fluorophore may interact with residues affected by the state of the pore.
541	For instance, given the higher anisotropy values at sites M356C and A359C than at site V363C, it appears that the vestibule may be narrower further into the S3-S4 linker and wider near the beginning of the S4 segment.
542	The negative region of protein near the extracellular S4 segment at Ϫ90 mV is consistent with the pH data, and the positive region of protein at Ϫ90 mV is consistent with the iodide quenching data.
543	It was conducted by two cooperating facilities-the 3rd Department of General Surgery, Jagiellonian University in Krakow and the Department of Reproductive Biology and Stem Cells, Institute of Human Genetics of the Polish Academy of Sciences in Poznan.
544	The obtained cell suspension was filtered trough 80-lm mesh, centrifuged and plated on gelatine-covered culture dish.
545	Primer sequences are summarized in Table 1 .
546	On each of the follow-up visits, a series of examinations was performed: anorectal manometry, surface endorectal EMG, ERUS and questionnaire assessments.
547	The data were analyzed using StatSoft STATISTICA Ò software.
548	EMG assessment showed the presence of motor unit action potentials in all patients, with visible gaps in the six patients with EAS defects, confirmed by means of ERUS.
549	There are several limitations to our study.
550	Samples were incubated for at least 5 hours, in order to reach the saturation phase.
551	We have estimated a maximum concentration of insulin nuclei in the pM range.
552	Before heating the sample, mass spectra showed predominantly monomeric and dimeric insulin with lower proportions of tetramer, pentamer and hexamer.
553	Podestá et al.
554	According to our estimate, the time-dependent concentration of nuclei reaches a maximum value no larger than 250 pM and as small as 22 pM, or smaller if fibril breakage contributes significantly to the fibril formation mechanism.
555	From the definition of the nucleus, the total number of fibrils, N f,t , is equivalent to the total number of nuclei, N n,t , Eq.
556	A description and the units are provided for each variable.
557	The approach is general and could be extended to other amyloid systems.
558	Non adsorbed protein was washed away with deionized water.
559	Our goal in this study was therefore to investigate if postlearning instructions on the future relevance of declarative memories can selectively modulate their subsequent consolidation.
560	We therefore repeated the analyses of the previous section while excluding the 2 participants from the WAKE group that performed most poorly.
561	We investigated whether relevance and/or sleep modulated confidence ratings and reaction times recorded during the experiment.
562	Our data show that post-learning instruction with regard to the future relevance of specific picture-location associations can selectively improve memory retention when followed by sleep.
563	The finding that this effect depends on sleep demonstrates this intriguing state's active role in memory consolidation and suggests that post-learning instruction can both help and hinder long-term retention.
564	Throughout the delay actigraphs recorded the activity of each participant.
565	Presentation of buildings and furniture stimuli was intermixed during both encoding and retrieval, and each phase used different random presentation orders for all stimuli.
566	Nearly one-third of the infected infants were asymptomatic and S. aureus was the predominant pathogen.
567	BAL inflammatory data were compared for each of these categories.
568	Adjustment for level at the first BAL produces estimated means and fold changes that can be compared between groups as if each group had the same initial level, equal to the overall mean at the first BAL.
569	S. aureus was present in 12, including three with mixed S. aureus and H. influenzae infections; H. influenzae and M. catarrhalis were detected in one subject each, respectively.
570	The distribution of data points for the BAL outcome measures shown in Figure 1 for Groups A, C, and control infants were similar.
571	Two of the three high outliers for IL-8 in Group C were from subjects receiving parenteral antibiotics for respiratory symptoms.
572	These three BAL specimens also had elevated neutrophil counts and free neutrophil elastase activity and two grew 10 4 CFU/ml of S. aureus and H. influenzae , respectively.
573	The characteristics of the subjects at the time of their second BAL are shown in Table 3 .
574	BAL fluid data for newly diagnosed infants with CF and control subjects.
575	Two paired BAL samples from symptomatic subjects taking antibiotics at their second BAL grew у 10 5 CFU/ ml of S. aureus and had elevated IL-8 but did not show increased neutrophil or free neutrophil elastase concentrations.
576	Previously, 21 bacterial and viral respiratory infections had been detected in the first of the 16 paired BAL specimens.
577	This study reaffirms the close relationship between large numbers of pathogenic organisms within the lower respiratory tract of CF infants and young children and an influx of inflammatory cells and mediators.
578	For newly diagnosed CF infants identified by neonatal screening, the absence of infection in their lower airways is associated with a BAL profile of inflammatory cells, IL-8, and free neutrophil elastase activity similar to that of control subjects.
579	Both reports concluded that airway inflammation occurs early in the course of CF lung disease and may antedate infection.
580	Infants with a lower respiratory tract infection had greater evidence of airway inflammation than either the non- Table 3 .
581	Furthermore, these latter three groups had similar measurements of these inflammatory markers.
582	Another possible cause of lower airway inflammation in the absence of infection is pulmonary aspiration from gastroesophageal reflux.
583	The similarities between endochondral ossification in embryonic bone development and during fracture healing are well known.
584	The authors showed that the bone regenerate healed the defect with similar radiographic, biomechanical, and histologic properties to those observed with the live isograft control.
585	Another question is whether something intrinsic to cartilage produced in fracture callus exists that engenders it with unique bone-healing properties that cannot be attained by differentiated MSCs or other chondrocytes.
586	As Bahney et al.
587	Even though human articular cartilage and chondrocyte allograft transplantation products are currently used for cartilage repair, the results of this study do not support their use for bone repair.
588	Thus, even if human fracturecallus-derived cartilage proves to be highly osteogenic for this purpose, how it could be obtained to treat patients remains unknown.
589	DARTEL registration was used to improve the precision of the template and partial volume correction to prevent interpolation artifacts.
590	There currently are 4 antiviral drugs for the treatment and prophylaxis of influenza.
591	This raises a serious concern about the widespread use of NA inhibitors.
592	The development and distribution of influenza-resistant poultry for the control of influenza in both poultry and human populations will be likely to face significant technical, logistical, and social challenges.
593	Genomics Data j o u r n a l h o m e p a g e : w w w .
594	PCR products were also sequenced on both strands by using the same primers employed in the amplification.
595	The sequences obtained were aligned with their corresponding sequences of strains SC5314, L296 and L757, revealing a great variability in size and nucleotide sequence.
596	These methods can also be useful in identifying the contamination source of outbreaks in the hospital environment, by differentiating strains according to microvariation in their genomes.
597	In our analysis, the non-coding nuclear marker rDNA ITS also showed reduced number of polymorphisms among C. albicans strains than the mitochondrial non-coding IG1, IG2 and IG3.
598	There were no deviations from neutrality, indicating that the variations found in the nucleotide sequences are in accordance with the neutral model of evolution, enhancing the potential use of these regions in typing studies due to its unconstrained variability.
599	Thus, there is the need to explore additional simple regimens that may be able to protect infants against HIV infection both during delivery and throughout the period of breast-feeding.
600	Because HIV transmission through breast-feeding involves prolonged, daily exposure to virus in breast milk, we previously developed a model in which infant macaques are repeatedly fed low doses of SIVmac251.
601	We adhered to the Guide for Care and Use of Laboratory Animals.
602	However, starting at 3 weeks of age, there was no significant difference in viremia anymore.
603	The other 3 animals that received short-term tenofovir DF remained uninfected by all criteria throughout the observation period of 1 year.
604	Summary of experimental design and outcome.
605	B, Animal 35410 had transient viremia.
606	Our data suggest that for human infants a tenofovir DF regimen that can consistently provide systemic drug levels similar to or higher than those obtained by a therapeutic tenofovir regimen has the potential to reduce the HIV transmission rate through breast-feeding.
607	Because an efficacious HIV vaccine has so far not been identified, several ongoing clinical trials are investigating whether uninfected adult persons who engage in high-risk behavior will have a lower infection rate by taking a 300-mg tenofovir DF tablet once daily.
608	However, to our knowledge, there are currently no studies to clarify if the CCI or FBCI could truly eliminate the influence of curve flexibility when evaluating the correct ability between different internal fixation apparatus, thus it remains unclear if these indexes can in fact eliminate the effect of preoperative flexibility when evaluating the outcome of curve correction.
609	The protocol for this study was approved by the human ethic committee of Changhai Hospital, Second Military Medical University, Shanghai, China.
610	All the data was collected by attending surgeons that have at least 3 year work experience on spine deformity department separately.
611	Indeed, flexibility is an important parameter when estimating surgical correction.
612	The flexibility of scoliosis can be assessed by various radiographs including lateral bending, fulcrum bending, traction, and push-prone films.
613	FBCI is based on the same principle with the only difference being that FBCI uses fulcrum bending flexibility instead of bending flexibility.
614	GPs will refer patients with a first episode of a mild depression either to counseling sessions or prescribe antidepressants.
615	To explore putative selection bias, we performed a lost to follow up analysis by comparison of patients only assessed at baseline with those included in our study.
616	No PETs used treatment as usual or a waiting list group as control group.
617	In the group of all MDD patients, the criterion 'Previous use of medication or ECT' had the largest effect on proportion of eligible patients.
618	For the subsample of psychotherapy patients, the joint analysis of exclusion criteria showed no associations with the exclusion criterion 'not meeting minimum severity threshold'.
619	However, the study sample follow-up group was similar to the lost-to-follow-up group for most sociodemographic and clinical features.
620	Future effectiveness research, incorporating more definitions of outcome that are relevant to patients is therefore highly recommended.
621	These factors affect the magnitude of the components contributing to net GHG flux and N loss vectors.
622	Flows of C and N between the different pools are controlled by the size of the pools, C/N and lignin content of material, and abiotic water/temperature controls.
623	All simulations were for 30 years.
624	Nitrogen from soybean and alfalfa supplemented the first year of N applied to corn following the legume crops.
625	The longterm GHG net assumed that DC sys was zero because soils were equilibrated and no longer sequestering additional C. The components for GHG net were either from DAYCENT output or calculated as described below.
626	The lower the heat rate, the more efficient an electrical power plant is in turning fuel energy into electrical energy.
627	Since these coproducts have a positive economic value and displace competing products that require energy to make, energy from production needs to be allocated to the coproducts.
628	Cropping systems with a smaller electricity credit are net consumers of energy for this component and have positive values.
629	Cropping systems with grain crops had higher C FC than biomass crops because they lacked the coproduct lignin, which was a source of energy when combusted.
630	Manuscript received November 24, 2016; revised March 30, 2017;  accepted May 11, 2017 .
631	See http://www.ieee.org/publications_standards/publications/rights/index.html for more information.
632	Coded caching strategy in a realistic SCN with channel fading and inter-cell interferences remains uninvestigated.
633	Without loss of generality, we focus on the analysis at a typical user u 0 .
634	Each file has the same size of B bits.
635	Each user requests for one file independently with probability according to the file popularity distribution.
636	Now, we consider the limiting case where n → ∞.
637	Consider a knapsack with capacity of Mn packets and a set of F files each containing n packets.
638	This process is outlined in Algorithm 2.
639	This indicates that the overall system performance of SIC receiver will be dominated by the first decoding layer at large τ .
640	This means that ignoring the dependency among the SIRs in different SIC decoding layers has little effects on the FOT performance, even though it can cause a visible gap on the successful transmission probability.
641	In this subsection, we provide the comparison between Algorithm 1 and Algorithm 2 for the AFOT maximization problem, i.e., Problem 1.
642	Then, W 1 only needs to be split into 2 fragments for encoding and each SBS stores one coded packet.
643	If u 0 requests any of these cached files, it only connects with the nearest SBS.
644	Both coded caching and OPC degenerate to MPC, which matches with the finding in Corollary 2.
645	The first part of the Corollary is thus proven.
646	Exclusion criteria were creatinine clearances of less than 30 ml/ min; a history of renal stones; hypocalcemia; primary hyperparathyroidism; hyperthyroidism; hypothyroidism; metabolic bone diseases; a history of recent serious gastrointestinal tract disease, such as esophagitis; and currently taking bone-active drugs, such as hormonereplacement therapy, anabolic steroids, calcitonin, active vitamin D 3 analogues, fluorides, anticonvulsants, or bisphosphonates.
647	All participants provided written informed consent.
648	Study drugs were given at baseline and follow-up visits.
649	Demographic variables included age, body height, body weight, and menopausal status.
650	Paired-samples t tests were used to compare baseline measures with 12-month measures.
651	Categoric variables were compared with the χ 2 test.
652	A majority of patients had a history of lupus nephritis, and the disease activity was mild at the time of entry into the study.
653	After 12 months, between the two groups, no statistical significance was noted in the measures of aBMD of the lumbar spine and hip.
654	Similarly, the determination of bone quality is of equal importance as bone quantity when assessing the efficacies of new therapeutic agents.
655	First, participants were of high heterogeneity, regarding severity or activity of disease, menopausal status, or treatment, which decreased the generalizability of our results.
656	However, the effect sizes were all less than 0.2.
657	The purpose of quantizing the spectrum continuum on the time-axis is to allow each block assignment to be recycled and re-assigned at each time interval.
658	This is depicted in Figure 3 .
659	The second point to be taken from this example is that while the example is based on current costs of a given network operator and the current technological characteristics of those networks, basic block sizes should not be chosen to only reflect current technological capabilities.
660	To put this in context consider, the following second example that focuses on space dimensions, which walks through a potential process involved in how a spectrum consumer might go about assessing its spectrum rights requirements and assembling a desired package.
661	Overall however it is important to create a flexible enough system so that whatever commonly traded combinations are useful, can emerge.
662	The somewhat ideal concept images of Figures 2 and 3 come up against serious problems when it comes to the exercising of the rights associated with each individual block.
663	The are no simple fences that can be erected to keep the signal within the frequency and space boundaries associated with the block of usage rights.
664	Figure 8 depicts two slices of spectrum consumers in the RF spectrum rights continuum, that are at any time interval using the same frequencies in different locations.
665	Hence users A and B from the red slice in Figure 8 will have collaboratively divided up the range of frequencies available within the blocks, so that they are not using the exact same frequencies from the range that they are entitled to use.
666	In other words users A and B from the multiply owned slice in Figure 8 will not tend not to be part of a co-operative network planning scheme.
667	He speaks about spectrum-band/area/beyond-perimetersignal-strength-limit/time-period "parcels".
668	Adjacent Channel Interference they so choose, using any technology they see fit and hence predefining guardbands is not an option.
669	To understand this point consider the two cases of neighbors illustrated in Figure 10 .
670	In both these cases, the perceived interference is a combination of the circumstances at the boundaries.
671	In this Figure the Red Block depicts the rights of a given spectrum consumer at a certain time, for a given frequency range and spatial extent.
672	Please note again that the cubic representation is not meant to suggest the radiation patterns are in neat cube formats but are used merely to delineate a volume of interference irrespective of what the exact shape will be.
673	The technical solutions have costs.
674	There may be game playing involved, for example on the part of user B, to force a buy-out.
675	The option for getting user A to say it does not matter would is akin to Scenario 1 in Figure 10 where user B is the loud music playing neighbor and user A is the deaf neighbor.
676	If however A has chosen to use over-sensitive receivers and is picking up stray frequencies more readily, much like in Scenario 2 in Figure 10 , then A will have to readjust its operating frequencies and use a self-imposed guardband too.
677	The second set of technologies are those associated with the fungibility of spectrum.
678	Fungibility is a measure of how easily one good may be exchanged or substituted for another example of the same good at equal value.
679	The technology involved in these costs will play a role as the ease and the speed at which these transactions can occur will influence the dynamics of the market as well as the size of the trading units.
680	The majority of patients suffer from excessive daytime sleepiness and tiredness with neuropsychological dysfunction in the form of poor work performance, memory impairment, and, at times, mood disorders.
681	Several studies have shown large fluctuations in cerebral blood flow during and after apnea.
682	Platelets from normal men show increased responsiveness to epinephrine and adenosine diphosphate with enhanced aggregability between 6 AM and 9 AM.
683	Arousals at the termination of the apnea episode enhance sympathetic activity, and the repeated occurrence of these changes night after night perpetuates blood pressure elevations.
684	The application of positive-pressure breathing treatment modalities may reduce the risk of hypertension and stroke in patients with SDB and improve the rehabilitation potential of patients after stroke.
685	The modeling program then produces a spectrum which is compared to the experimental data, and the experimenter changes the input concentration profile to produce a better spectrum match.
686	With these restrictions, the code works very well in analyzing spectra from multicomponent samples.
687	In the present work.
688	On successive iterations, the background estimate improves, leading to better concentration calculations, which leads to better background estimates, etc.
689	Another source of resolution loss is the detector itself, which typically has an energy resolution of about 15 kV fwhm.
690	Because of this tilting, it is important to know all the relevant angles quite precisely in order to avoid the large error associated with the uncertainty in the secant function at angles greater than 60".
691	The spectra were collected using a 1500 kV He-4 beam of approximately 0.4 PA passing through a 1 mm aperture.
692	These spectra were fed as input to BASF along with the relevant geometry and beam energy information.
693	All the fits were achieved in ten iterations or less using the layer thicknesses recorded during the evaporation as an initial guess, except in case B, where an evenly mixed layer of 600 A of nickel and aluminum was assumed.
694	The ultimate value of this code is its ability to produce reasonably accurate concentration profiles.
695	Was / Automuted fitrmg of RBS .spectra evaporated nickel layers.
696	A likely candidate for this impurity is oxygen, owing to the method of evaporation and the rise in pressure observed during the evaporation.
697	There is room for improvement in some areas of the code.
698	Limitations on the code and its uses include precise knowledge of the relevant experimental parameters used as input, specifications of all elements present in the sample, and an accurate knowledge of the computed stopping powers.
699	On the other hand, a large variety of standards are sharing the 2.4 GHz frequency band.
700	The ARM on the Bluetooth board is running both a real time operating system and the embedded Bluetooth stack.
701	For instance, a researcher concentrating on FPGA based algorithms may implement a simple UART module on the FPGA and is able to communicate wirelessly with a PC or other modules.
702	For the control of robots, CPG models can be implemented as systems of coupled nonlinear oscillators or as recurrent neural networks.
703	By using a modular robot we can explore the capabilities for locomotion of a large variety of robot configurations without redesigning mechanics and electronics for each particular type of robot.
704	The site-specific attachment of the nucleophile, the small sizes of nucleophiles that serve as substrates, the reversibility of the reaction and the mild reaction conditions are all attractive features of this labeling method.
705	Induction of sortase expression was performed by shifting the cells from low glucose media to rich galactose media and samples were taken after 0, 4 and 8 h.
706	Next, we explored whether intracellular sortagging could also occur in mammalian cells.
707	Current sortase-mediated methods for the production of circular peptides and proteins involve peptide synthesis or bacterial expression, followed by in vitro sortase reactions and subsequent purification of the desired reaction product.
708	First, a distinct and faster migrating Kar2-reactive product was detected, most likely due to hydrolysis of the acylenzyme intermediate, as the product did not contain the Myc tag.
709	As possible applications of sortase-mediated intracellular protein modification, we envision the possibility of further exploring proximity relationships within protein complexes and changes therein, or of otherwise altering properties of the newly formed protein-protein adducts, such as changes in stability or intracellular localization.
710	For immunofluorescence, HEK293T cells were prepared by growth on coverslips and transfected 24 h prior the experiment.
711	Images were collected with a PerkinElmer spinning disk confocal microscope with 100× magnification using VOLOCITY software.
712	Let Σ be a ranked alphabet.
713	Consider the language Figure 1a .
714	Note that, in the special case where all nodes are marked, Lemma 2 reduces to Lemma 1.
715	Thus, the failure of GDNF-RET signaling is reported to be linked to renal agenesis.
716	Because the kidney size is primarily determined by the total number of nephrons formed during the development, defect in the ureteric bud branching results in reduced nephron number and functional renal tissue.
717	The first glomeruli form at 8-9 weeks of gestation, and new nephrons are added at the outer layer of the cortex until 32-36 weeks.
718	Thus, renal dysplasia is considered as a dynamic disorder associated with abnormal kidney development.
719	Therefore, interactions between different factors need to be identified, and probably dynamic models of gene networks will have to be considered to understand these complex developmental processes.
720	The advantages of HAS are that no special streaming server infrastructure is needed and that it runs natively over HTTP.
721	In Section IV, we describe the approach followed to set up our new subjective video quality experiment in order to assess the influence of delivering longer duration video sequences using HAS to tablet devices.
722	Their OTT nature makes HAS techniques prone to bandwidth fluctuations and network congestion.
723	This can introduce multiple types of visual impairments during video playout.
724	Several large industrial players have commercial implementations of the HAS concept.
725	All of the aforementioned subjective experiments have been conducted using short duration video sequences, except for the work from Robinson et al.
726	These six sequences correspond to different content classes spanning a wide range of different content characteristics as shown in Table I .
727	More detailed information on the durations of each quality switch, for each scenario, is provided in Table III .
728	The toolchain depicted Fig.
729	Finally, using trace files representing each of the three streaming scenarios listed above, the different segments from the different quality levels are concatenated to create one complete video sequence as it would appear to the subjects when streaming it over HAS.
730	The resulting video sequences where all locally stored on the tablet device in order to ensure all subjects evaluated exactly the same videos during the experiment.
731	The slider ranged from 0 to 100, where 100 stands for 'perfect' quality.
732	The work of Seufert et al.
733	Also, four rebuffering events are simulated resulting in two video stallings of 0.5 seconds in duration followed by two stallings of 1 second.
734	This scene is characterized by high motion, high spatial details and rapid camera scene changes.
735	Every time a switch is made between high and mid-quality, the average quality rating drops.
736	This behaviour was not observed when switching between high and mid-quality levels as discussed in the previous scenarios.
737	Corresponding to earlier research findings, our results show that, in general, video stallings should be avoided at all times and that gradual quality changes have a smaller influence on quality perception compared to instantaneous switches.
738	Limited noticeable differences were observed between high and mid-quality switches during video playback.
739	This mode of epigenetic control contributes to genome stability, development, and the transcription of genes.
740	Functional roles of miRNAs in regulating osteogenesis are presented below in an expanded section.
741	Association of Runx2 with ribosomal genes in the nucleolus imaging cells following cell division indicates coordinate control of protein synthesis and phenotype.
742	Such knowledge is opportune for development of translational approaches for skeletal complications.
743	During osteogenesis, the same miRNA can target different genes, dependent on the stage of osteoblast differentiation.
744	Either the miRNA or its targeted pathway could be a potential therapeutic target for intervention.
745	The authors acknowledge in this review the unprecedented discoveries of epigenetic regulation of the genome that had to be presented in a limited fashion.
746	Nineteen balloons were launched, between September 8 th and October 26 th .
747	There are two aspects to performing this optimisation.
748	The rest of this paper will be concerned with how to extract generative scores in amortised constant time per segment.
749	These can be computed efficiently with dynamic programming.
750	Here, weights are only on edges, so that the two algorithms are symmetrical.
751	The latter is straightforward to compute by dividing the former by the likelihood.
752	The discriminative models were initialised to use just the likelihoods from the generative model.
753	A postal screening questionnaire comprising questions on general health, musculoskeletal disease of any joint, symptoms of hip and knee disease, back problems and sociodemographic indicators, was sent to 26 046 people.
754	The ecological measures were enumeration district and ward level Townsend scores for material deprivation, and urban and rural status derived from the postcode of each study participant.
755	For comparison, and to assess possible bias, the analyses were also carried out on the largest set available for each variable, the "full set" for each variable.
756	The scores for each hip are not additive, and as there is no reason to suppose that one hip might have a diVerent association with socioeconomic position than another, the analysis has been presented for the left hip only.
757	Any diVerences between findings using left hip, right hip and most severe hip are reported.
758	The relative index of inequality can be interpreted as the health diVerential between the hypothetical person at the bottom of the socioeconomic hierarchy and the hypothetical person at the top of the hierarchy.
759	In addition, the gradient between rich and poor is steepest among those with the greatest burden of comorbidity.
760	The systematic association of income and educational attainment with disease severity complements the literature on income inequalities in health measured at individual level and extends the findings of two large surveys in the United States that revealed that the prevalence of arthritis increases in those with fewer years of formal education.
761	The data in table 6 reveal that for a person with a given hip disease score, a poor person is more likely to be also suVering more of the chronic comorbid conditions, or to rate their health as worse across the large number of questions asked, than one who is richer.
762	This needs to be interpreted in the light of a Finnish study, 21 which compared detailed health interview data with simple self reported questions on morbidity.
763	Less educated people underestimated the prevalence of self reported arthritis, mental health problems and chronic respiratory disorders when compared with examination data.
764	As the data include several diVerent measures of socioeconomic position and self assessed general health, several caveats need to be made.
765	As there is also a clear gradient between greater comorbidity and decreasing socioeconomic position, the poorest sector of the population appear to be in double jeopardy: they not only experience greater severity of hip disease but also a greater burden of comorbidity.
766	Most chapters are accompanied by practical examples and a considerable number of tables and figures that make easy to understand and to interpret what authors want to explain.
767	I am sure that it will be as successful as the previous two editions.
768	Weaknesses: the authors tried to prepare a comprehensive document on community based research, which included all the issues like introduction, principles, methods, and examples/experiences.
769	A computer program was used to generate reassignments of the estimated relative risk values to the 10 non-overlapping cells of table 1 and to count, for each such permutation, how many of the 40 older-younger comparisons had the higher value for the older group.
770	A further distinctive feature of garages is that the technicians deal with dirt as part of their routine everyday work.
771	Unlike the modern clean factory in which new components are being assembled, the technicians in garages get dirty as they work and the environment in which -3 -they work is continually being contaminated by dirt and needs to be cleaned.
772	Their rituals create one single, symbolically consistent universe.
773	However, in the operating theatre the tightly prescribed routines are based on biological principles of hygiene and physical principles of contamination; they have developed from scientifically grounded attempts to understand how post-operative infections originate.
774	The patients that Lawton describes have experienced a breakdown in bodily surfaces so that the boundaries between organs or between flesh and the outer world have been breached.
775	However, the dirt that they dealt with did have a particular quality as material; it was often sticky, tacky or slimy and on the skin would produce streaks as well as a general film or occluding texture.
776	In a word, if we are to establish consciously and clearly a symbolic relation between sliminess and the sticky baseness of certain individuals, we must apprehend baseness already in sliminess and sliminess in certain baseness.
777	Its mode of being is neither the reassuring inertia of the solid or a dynamism like that in water which is exhausted in fleeing from me… There is something like a tactile fascination in the slimy.
778	Something which we notice as 'dirty' has material adhering to its surfaces which obscures our apprehension through sight and touch of that thing.
779	These could lead to ritualised practices in which the concern of employers and technicians in following the checklists was primarily symbolic; that is, being seen to comply with the code.
780	Hughes spells out the connection between dirt as a physical and as a moral category: 'It may be simply physically disgusting.
781	Dealing with the dirt of cars is seldom physically disgusting but car owners take their cars to be serviced by someone else because they wish to avoid the dirty work that is involved.
782	This lesser degree of protection symbolically represented their greater distance from the dirty work and greater proximity to the relatively clean work of desks.
783	Another owner/manager, who was never seen in overalls, was occasionally seen working on vehicles.
784	What our study of dealing with dirt in garages showed was that rather than following a ritualistic observance, practices were oriented to their instrumental consequences.
785	Some gloves are very similar to the tight fitting latex gloves worn by medical personnel -see Figure 8 .
786	It was not unusual to see a technician take gloves off in order to get a more direct tactile contact with a particular component.
787	Each bay will have its own bin and it is the responsibility of someone low in the organisation to keep the bins empty.
788	The result is that while there may be a certain degree of 'ritual observance' of health and safety standards, both employers and employees recognised that the practices they adopted were for the direct personal gain of the employees in terms of health and safety.
789	This is why practices will vary according to organisations -particularly according to their size and the resources they have available.
790	We have suggested that larger organisations will be more concerned about the aesthetic effects of dirt, especially on their customers perception of their way of doing business.
791	These resonances, usually associated with impurities, have a spatial and energetic structure strongly dependent on the environment from which they arise and hence have the potential to provide new insights into high temperature superconductivity at the microscopic scale.
792	The spectrum of a resonance is usually not particle-hole symmetric in amplitude, but careful study shows that if the high LDOS of a resonance is centered on energy V, a smaller local LDOS maximum also appears at 2V.
793	We may further characterize these resonances by considering the discrete two-dimensional autocorrelation of each of the LDOS maps, g͑r͒ P R G͑R͒G͑R 1 r͒, where G is the differential tunneling conductance and the summation is over all measured locations.
794	Black arrows at 66 meV and red arrows at 613 meV indicate the two large resonances at this location, as well as their "shadow resonances" that always appear at the opposite polarity.
795	Furthermore, the state reduction of fuzzy automata and some related algorithms to compute the greatest simulations and bisimulations have been well developed.
796	In terms of robustness, the bisimulation based on a fuzzy relation is much better than the exact bisimulation.
797	Nevertheless, it remains yet to be addressed whether the fuzzy bisimulation could provide the link to the desired compositional reasoning about the approximate equivalence of fuzzy systems in such a framework.
798	The smaller the behavioral distance, the more the states behave similarly.
799	Thanks to Tarski's fixed-point theo-rem, we get the greatest fixed point of the function and define it as our behavioral distance.
800	In Section IV, after establishing a lifting of relation from states to possibility distributions, we justify the soundness of the behavioral distance by disclosing the relationship between the distance and bisimilarity.
801	As a result, for each state s and label a, more than one possibility distribution may be returned by δ.
802	The lifting is based on the following observation.
803	Is there a fuzzy analogue of the Kantorovich metric on the set of probability measures?
804	More concretely, we will show that two states are bisimilar if and only if they have behavioral distance 0.
805	For later need, it is convenient to have two alternative presentations of the lifting.
806	Proof: See the Appendix.
807	It is well known that bisimulation equivalence allows one to reduce the state space of a system by combining bisimilar states to generate a quotient system with an equivalent behavior but with fewer states.
808	To introduce the operators, one further bit of notation will be handy.
809	The definition of the product is somewhat simpler than that of the parallel composition.
810	The results obtained here are useful in the following three aspects.
811	Proof of Lemma 6: We first show the necessity.
812	It remains to show that this equivalence relation is a bisimulation.
813	However, because they are synthesized at their mature size, it is not clear where the targeting signals reside within the polypeptides and what the signals look like.
814	This knowledge is not only important for understanding the biogenesis of the chloroplastic outer membrane but also could be important for understanding how receptor proteins themselves are transported to chloroplasts.
815	Interestingly, the structure of this signal resembles the signal peptides of secretory proteins.
816	In this last construct, amino acid 31 was replaced by a methionine for translation initiation.
817	Chymotrypsin preferentially cleaves peptide bonds at the C termini of phenylalanine, tyrosine, and tryptophan.
818	Microsomes were then recovered by centrifugation and analyzed by using SDS-PAGE and autoradiography.
819	It is interesting to speculate that similar to OEP14, these membrane-spanning domains are also the outer membrane targeting signals of these proteins.
820	All patients had at least a 12-month follow-up, which was considered to be the final outcome.
821	Patients´characteristics at baseline are summarized in Table 1 .
822	Patients in the phacocanaloplasty group had a mean IOP of 14.3 ± 4.2 mmHg at 1 month, 13.5 ± 3.9 mmHg at 3 months, 14.2 ± 4.6 mmHg at 6 months and 12.6 ± 2.1 mmHg at 12 months.
823	BCVA was not significantly different between both groups during follow-up.
824	We additionally applied subconjunctival injections of anti-VEGF in the early postoperative period.
825	Bull et al.
826	These results might be taken into the surgeon´s considerations, if a higher IOP reduction is necessary in patients with advanced glaucoma or if topical glaucoma drugs are not tolerated.
827	Descemet detachment was not encountered in our study.
828	The peak effect simply vanishes here.
829	The most striking aspect of Fig.
830	To determine the nature of a MCP, one needs to know how many of these lines are second-order phase transitions.
831	The nature of the T c2 H line is less clear.
832	The vortex matter is liquidlike structurally in the shaded part of the phase diagram.
833	The resulting tetrahedron is a silicate tetrahedron, which is shown in figure  1a , and when this tetrahedron join with other tetrahedral joins with other tetrahedral linearly, then a single-row silicate chain is formed, as shown in figure 1b.
834	Where, AG1 index is considered for distinct vertices.
835	The aim of this study was to determine which treatment for a cervical or intrathoracic anastomotic leakage after esophagectomy with gastric tube reconstruction has the best clinical outcome, based on literature findings.
836	Each criterion is awarded with 1 star except comparability, which is awarded a maximum of 2 stars.
837	This is the first systematic review summarizing the results of different treatment strategies for anastomotic leakage in patients after esophagectomy with gastric tube reconstruction.
838	In addition, the methodological quality of the included studies was limited.
839	Half of the studies reported results of a highly selected group of patients, which makes the external validity of these data weak.
840	In addition to drainage of fluid collections, the defect can be closed surgically or covered/closed with an endoscopically placed stent or E-VAC system.
841	This study could provide answers to current issues as which factors determine the severity of the leakage and which treatment options have the best outcomes.
842	Patients with acute pancreatitis run the risk of a fatal episode whilst awaiting cholecystectomy that can be reduced by early biliary surgery.
843	In medical ward Lighter coloured boxes on the right relate to patients who drop out of the Chole-QuIC pathway because further diagnostic information is received or the patient chooses not to have an emergency cholecystectomy.
844	Regarding the 8-day surgery rate, the cohort mean of 14⋅6 per cent remained below the national control group average of 15⋅3 per cent.
845	The more challenged sites failed to achieve sufficient stakeholder support from all parties, which hampered their ability to implement improvements to capacity and coordination processes 28 .
846	Cloud Computing is a model for enabling ubiquitous, convenient, on-demand network access to a shared pool of configurable computing resources that can be rapidly provisioned and released with minimal management effort or service provider interaction.
847	Cloud Computing is basically an on-demand computer system resource, especially data storage and computing power, without direct active management by the user.
848	Management plays a key role in the internal control structure of an organization.
849	Businesses also need to purchase, maintain and operate computer systems, operating systems, security products, network and broadband connectivity within the office.
850	It seems to be becoming a trend in the world in the second decade of the 21 st century.
851	While there is the risk to lose the data on cloud computing system due to the reasons such cyber-attack, it is also possible that the data stored on personal computers may get harmed.
852	What has been proposed does look like it could be beneficial, but more changes in the methods of accounting for cloud computing will probably emerge.
853	Eleven Comment Letter Questions  Question 1: Should eligible implementation costs of a hosting arrangement that is a service contract be capitalized using the guidance on internal-use software, recognized in profit or loss over the term of the hosting arrangement as defined in this proposed Update, and presented in the same line item in the statement of income as the fee associated with the hosting arrangement?
854	Like many young women her age, she loves fashion and shopping.
855	Then she posts the pictures on her microblog sites, goes for lunch, text chats on her phone, and returns to the boutiques to make purchases.
856	These women joined newly formed urban service industry professions, ranging from luxury hotel waitress, beauty products sales girls, and flight attendants to fashion models and show girls.
857	Heavily subsidized by their parents, a growing number obtains Western degrees or migrates abroad as professionals or middle-class wives.
858	Unlike the dagongmei and the pink-collar class, their skills, education credentials, and ''can-do'' attitudes have made them as competitive -if not more -as men in the new knowledge economy.
859	This gendered and technology-empowered ''prosumer citizenship'' seems to have handily ''resolved'' the conflict between the neoliberal feminine ideal of a consumerist, individualistic, global mobile, and actively desiring woman and the self-sacrificing woman shaped by traditional patriarchal norms and whose identities are defined by her familial kinship.
860	She now runs a team of six: one online customer service in China and five buyers scattered in Europe and the United States.
861	Like most of my other China-based interviewees, international travel for Mina is one main attraction of the profession for its cosmopolitan cache and the sense of mobility it affords.
862	For the part-timers -mostly full-time students or professional women -reselling is less ''serious'' but functions more like an extension of their leisure and hobbyist pursuits, such as sharing sales information or new purchases via social media, going shopping after work, or following the latest fashion information through blogs and magazines.
863	Online transnational networks and interaction solidify emotional ties and cross-cultural solidarities, but the excess of instrumentalization and interactivity also generates emotional and physical burdens.
864	Only certain identities and stories are brandable, and brandability in an online market of luxury goods can require constant self-work and a perpetual reshaping of the feminine self in compliance with -rather than challenging -gender scripts dictated by mainstream consumer culture.
865	Lily sold clothes but had given birth half a year previous to when we talked.
866	She confided in me the pressure to ''slim down fast'' and ''tighten up her muscle'' so that she could feel confident again about posing in the photos.
867	Oftentimes, the extent to which ''online interactivity'' felt like work on a subjective level varied according to the woman's degree of involvement in the business.
868	Now I feel much happier waking up every morning knowing that there are people waiting for me online who find my advice useful and who appreciate my taste and hard work.
869	Some women's prosumption commitments jeopardized their personal networks.
870	Being novel and informal, the profession often appears illegitimate in the eyes of the older generation.
871	One risk concerns tax and customs evasion.
872	In spite of being relatively privileged in China, these young middle-class women had to constantly negotiate and readjust their identities in dealing with the luxury brands.
873	Facing a variety of constraints based on race, class, and nationality, most of my interviewees were well aware of the widening social inequality, consumerist national image, and commodity fetishism that they, in fact, foster.
874	The majority of the women saw luxury prosumption as a transitional, temporary, or supplementary profession that afforded transnational mobility and useful skills, experiences, or resources that would ultimately lead to something more stable and lasting.
875	Our main results are formulated in Section 2.
876	Example 2.5.
877	First we estimate I 1 .
878	Proof of Theorem 2.2 and 2.3.
879	Due to Lemma 4.1 and Lemma 4.2, these are easy consequences of Theorem 3.4.
880	We see as expected that particles are always more numerous than their respective anti-particles.
881	In the non-equilibrium SHM approach there appears to be universal hadronization condition as function of centrality, which can be seen in figure 2 top two panels on left.
882	Similarly, the energy density is constant at ε ≃ 0.48 GeV/fm 3 .
883	The Schrodinger equation subject to PDM was for decades an intensive field of fundamental research activity as demonstrated by already published works on the subject.
884	This was apparently the first Hermitian KEO with PDM.
885	The building block of KEO's with PDM has the general form m α p m β p m γ .
886	However, we disagree with the conclusion therein that von Roos KEO is the most general Hermitian KEO.
887	Table 2 : Linear parameters, ξ and ζ, values for the new family and its subsequent classes.
888	Since almost all the KEO's studied in the literature are from von Roos family, this duality would allow the extension of a number of the already published results to the new family.
889	We solved the puzzling case of Yang and Yee KEO and found it was in fact the first example of non-von Roos type KEO reported in the literature.
890	There is not much work has been done on the antimicrobial activity of their fruits in world generally and in Iraq and Basrah specially.
891	Fruits/ P. cubeba were collected from the local market of Basrah.
892	An amount of 10g.
893	S.
894	By being competitive at this point, people have do something to make these people survives, being in the middle of the actual crowded place and notice by means of surrounding.
895	One thing that occasionally many people have underestimated it for a while is reading.
896	That is important to yo7u to find out how the improvement of the world.
897	This specific book will bring you with new era of the the positive effect.
898	In this period of time globalization it is important to someone to get information.
899	Do you want to become among it?
900	In fact, since the nature of both dark energy and dark matter is still unknown, there is no physical argument to exclude the possible interaction between them.
901	For instance, Bertolami et al.
902	Substituting it into Eq.
903	Now, we discuss the existence of the critical points in Table I .
904	From Eq.
905	Here, we briefly discuss the existence of the critical points.
906	However, the geometric constraints that follow differ early on in the analysis.
907	This results in two new families of analytic solutions.
908	In most cases these are smeared in some directions and localized in others; some limits of the parameters however produce solutions with fully localized O8-planes.
909	The rest of the paper is structured as follows.
910	In section 3 we analyze the system for this case by eliminating redundancies and obtaining the geometrical consequences of the system; the two classes K and HK are analyzed in turn.
911	In this section we will parametrize the pure spinors φ IJ ± in terms of a set of differential forms.
912	Note that in this parametrization the limit → 0 is not well-defined since the solution becomes trivial.
913	If this happens at both endpoints of the interval, the solution is fully regular.
914	Here are some details about each of these cases.
915	Indeed one can check that the I I 4 and I 6 remain the same if one replaces n 2I → n b 2I , n I 4 → n I b 4 , n 6 → n b 6 .
916	Once a set of flux quanta is specified, solving these equations will specify the parameters , β, γ of the solution.
917	However, one can define S ≡ s/ν 2 and take S → 0; in this limit the solution remains well-defined.
918	Double zero: orbifold singularity.
919	Let us instead give here a summary of the main features of the parameter space.
920	As in the Kähler-Einstein base case, the interpretation of the solution depends on the properties of the polynomial q, and less importantly on u 1 , u 2 .
921	The only fully-localized orientifolds we could find are O8-planes.
922	We analyze the Fermi-LAT data of the LMC and pay special attention to the gamma-ray spectrum extending to 60 MeV using 8 years of Fermi-LAT Pass 8 data.
923	The LMC sources 2.3.1.
924	The emission of the Disk component rises before several hundreds of MeV and decays up to 100 GeV.
925	It can be explained as that the luminous point sources P1 and P2 are lying near the center of the 30 Dor.
926	We found that, in the H template, the intensive region of the ionized Hydrogen is lying around the position of P1 and P2, which can account for the dim emission and non-detection of P1 and P2 respectively.
927	First, all parameters are unfixed.
928	The photon energy density is attacking the lower boundary in this fitting.
929	The dotted line is for the Bremsstrahlung model with a PL electron spectrum, whose power index is fixed at 2.0.
930	In Ref.
931	Fluctuations of pion and η meson are derived as well.
932	In Sec.
933	IV A, we show the way to calculate the decay width by means of the spectral functions obtained in Eq.
934	Therefore, main part of imaginary part in Fig.
935	In this figure, propagators of pion and η meson should be ones which include infinite sums of self-energies in Fig.
936	The deflection angle diverges logarithmically when R approaches 3M .
937	Thus, if the impact parameter is not large, the deflection angle is not expressed explicitly via external parameters E and L.
938	Results of the present paper can be useful for the investigation of star motion around supermassive black holes.
939	Using Ref.
940	It will be referred to as the critical value of R.
941	In the case of formulas with the impact parameter b, Eqs.
942	CoRoT provides an excellent set of long and continuous data sets of solar-like stars in which we can study the presence of any variation of the p-mode characteristics.
943	These observations suggest that it is dominated by dark energy with negative pressure, which provides the dynamical mechanism for such an accelerating expansion.
944	Case II.
945	In our investigation the phantom potential can be arbitrary, and thus our results are general and hold for every phantom cosmological scenario.
946	In the present work it is truncated at the second order in derivative expansion.
947	We are now in a position to present the new set of Kubo formulae, involving stresstensor three-point functions for the second-order hydrodynamic coefficients.
948	Solving the hydrodynamics equations of motion, namely conservation law for the stress tensor, one can obtain a consistent fluid velocity background u µ as a function of h µν and determine the expansion of T µν r in powers of h µν from the constitutive relations.
949	In this section we will be concerned with the stress-tensor correlation functions in the infinite 't Hooft coupling limit, thus it is sufficient to restrict ourselves to the two-derivative sector of IIB supergravity action involving only gravity and a negative cosmological constant.
950	No other processes or secondary annulations on larva.
951	Acze!
952	Hennig considers that the rotation of the postabdomen in the Cyc10rrhapha has probably little to do with asymmetry.
953	The rather numerous forms of the Schizophora with symmetrical postabdomen are probably all evolved from asymmetrical forms.
954	The surstyli are invariably associated with the tergite and not the sternite, even in the Dolichopodidae.
955	The phallus is borne on the posterior part of the ninth sternite.
956	Czernyola has a less extensive distribution than Heteromeringia, but the differences are mainly due to its not extending so far beyond the tropics.
957	Four additional genera are now included.
958	Head about one and a half times as high as long; frons almost as wide as long, and about two-fifths as wide as head; cheek in middle region about one-eighth height of eye, lower margin almost straight and ascending anteriorly; postgenal region ventrally prominent and with a ventrally directed bristle; postvertical and ocellar bristles subequal, long, but shorter than the verticals; fronto-orbitals subequal, successively further apart from front to rear; a series of cheek hairs behind vibrissa; second antennal segment with a long terminal dorsal bristle; arista with longer hairs about twice as long as its basal diameter.
959	Habitat: on banks of creeks in and near rain forest, not found above 1,400 ft.
960	Head similar structurally to that of T. ustulata, but bristles and cheek hairs relatively shorter; second fronto-orbital not closer to first than to third, the first more distinctly reclinate than in T. ustulata and less strongly incurved; arista with short pubescence only.
961	Location of type: Australian Museum.
962	These differences have been noted in the above description, but it is not possible to be sure if some of these are sexual differences or individual variation.
963	No other Australian species has the halteres black, and in addition, it is the only one of the predominantly black species which has only one dark cloud on the wing in combination with very short ocellars.
964	Location of type : Deutsches Entomologisches Institut, Berlin.
965	Fore femur yellowish to brown; fore tibia brown to almost black; fore tarsus black, except for the brownish apical segment; middle and hind legs, except the coxae, brownish-yellow; all coxae pale yellowish.
966	Colour generally as described for H. pulla, but the following characters are notable.
967	Halteres with pale brown stalks and pale yellowish knobs.
968	Heteromeringia norrisi sp.
969	Antennae, anterior edge of frons, anterior part of cheek, mouthparts and a variable amount of face brownish-yellow.
970	Legs, including coxae, deep brown; knees, bases of femora and middle of hind tarsus sometimes yellowish.
971	Colour black.
972	Halteres whitish with pale brown stalks.
973	However, the author does not consider that the present knowledge of the group is adequate to establish subgenera, especially as the groups are differentiated only by single bristle characters.
974	If it is considered to be a subgenus the name Tonnoiria Malloch is available for it.
975	The species may be divided into two subgroups, according to the development of the fronto-orbital bristles.
976	Key to Australian Species of Czernyola Fig.
977	Frons with broad yellow anterior margin; face yellowish above, brown to black below; cheeks dark grey with white dusting on upper half; paJpi and proboscis pale yellowish; antenna brownish-yellow, apex dark brown; arista brown.
978	CzernyoIa bisignata, sp.
979	Head not much higher than long; cheek one-seventh to one-ninth as high as eye; three subequal reclinate fronto-orbitals, the incurved fronto-orbital almost in line with them; third antennal segment almost orbicular.
980	Wings hyaline with a greyish tinge and a more distinct greyish cloud on distal half, which is obsolete towards posterior margin.
981	Phallobase sclerotized, with a pair of well developed parameres, produced into a short thorn-like spinus ditillatorius posteriorly and into a slightly projecting angle on each side ventrally.
982	Distribution: North Queensland-Cairns District.
983	C. W. Sabrosky has confirmed its presence in the type and states that it is also present in C. atrifrons Malloch.
984	One of the males from Lake Placid has dark pleura, as in the female.
985	All tibiae with paired preapical dorsal bristles; tarsi slender, cylindrical.
986	Wing with ultimate section of fourth vein about four to five times as long as penultimate section and about twice as long as ultimate section of fifth vein.
987	Sf.
988	As no previous attempt has been made to tabulate the specific characters, I give below a key to the described species based on the published descriptions.
989	Abdomen with terminal segments short, largely retractile; cerci short, slender, haired.
990	However, no information is available about protection between heat and cold treatments.
991	To determine the induction of cold tolerance as a result of a previous heat shock, some cultures were immersed in a water bath at 50ºC for 30 min.
992	Colonies were counted after 48 h and the data plotted.
993	Some authors have reported that exposure to a stress condition can enable microorganisms to become resistant to other kinds of stresses.
994	We discuss some special cases in Section 3.
995	This demonstrates that energy spacing decreases with increasing m quantum number.
996	The energy levels in Eq.
997	The Schro¨din-ger bound state solution is found as a non-relativistic limit of the present model.
998	This study aims to help model developers by evaluating the ability of the WRF model to predict warm season surface sensible weather over the western United States.
999	As a result, there is considerable diversity in the site characteristics, sensor types and heights, and reporting intervals of the observations.
1000	Wind direction is perhaps one of the most difficult variables to forecast.
1001	The Noah LSM, a more advanced version of the OSU LSM has been released recently in the latest version of WRF.
1002	Jason Knievel and Jason Nachamkin, and three anonymous reviewers for comments on the manuscript submitted to Weather and Forecasting on which this extended abstract is based.
1003	Origami in Wood, Bronze, and Steel Thursday, April 5, 7-8 p.m.
1004	The proteins contained in the culture medium of deficient fibrillin-1 cells after 4 days of confluence, degradation products of fiber elastics, may have low molecular weight, so it is possible that it was not precipitated with the ammonium sulfate's used concentrations.
1005	The plasma was generated using a high voltage pulsed DC source, with a 200 µs pulse width, obtaining better efficiency in plasma production in comparison to AC sources 11 .
1006	In each stage, two parameters was fixed whilst a third was variable.
1007	The spectral responses from the varied parameters involved in this research were verified in real time during the plasma generating process.
1008	Three spectra of each parameter researched were acquired.
1009	These calculations were made for the three distances studied in 400, 500 and 600 Hz frequencies.
1010	Analyzing the results we conclude that the main spectra lines observed during dielectric barrier discharge at atmospheric pressure refers to N 2 excited spectra.
1011	The best efficiency of the DBD reactor was obtained at 600 Hz frequency, because the distance used has the highest spectra intensity and the consumed energy is lower.
1012	The blank was registered with water and this measurement was subtracted to the signal of the sample.
1013	Samples were deposited on "zero background" silicon sample holders and measured in reflection geometry.
1014	But before explaining fully the possible similarities between spontaneous prose and non-representational geographies, it is beneficial to first outline them both for the reader to fully appreciate the synergies between method and practice.
1015	This characteristic is, I propose, a yetunexploited and useful connection with non-representational analysis.
1016	This human dexterity with mental representations, or concepts, has fascinated scholars since antiquity.
1017	Since the 1970s, cognitive psychologists and theoretical linguists have taken rather different approaches in their study of frames and how they compose.
1018	They then normally shift frames only when some contradiction, conundrum, incongruity, or a change in the context of discourse calls for it.
1019	Thus, when one frame is ac-cessed, connections to other possibly relevant frames would also be available .
1020	The «top levels» of frame are fixed, and represent things that are always true about the supposed situation.
1021	In case grammar, the semantic roles of the arguments of predicates were considered crucial to the characterization of verbs and clauses.
1022	In later works, scene ceases to be used and a frame is a cognitive structuring device, parts of which are indexed by words associated with it and used in the service of understanding.
1023	Speakers of American English may use the word breakfast for the meal eaten in each of the following situations: sleeping through the morning, eating eggs, toast, coffee, and orange juice at two in the afternoon; staying up all night, eating eggs, toast, etc.
1024	According to Barsalou, frames, understood as recursive attribute-value structures, are used as general format in accounting for the content of mental concepts.
1025	Frames are rich enough to provide a detailed and adequate description of individual's mental representation, in particular the representations of concepts.
1026	Использование фрейма как метода исследования связано с постулированием определенной зависимости языкового значения от познавательного опыта человека.
1027	Фрейм как структура данных имеет слоты и терминалы, которые являются когнитивными компонентами, входящими в наши представления о явлениях, событиях и предметах окружающего мира.
1028	The student involved in this project and who collected the survey and vox pop data was a representative of the student community which was exposed to the Student Switch Off campaign.
1029	Table 1 shows the measures used, which were first piloted among 30 university students.
1030	More specifically, some participants recommended design improvements such as 'poster is not very noticeable …the incentive should be in bigger font' -F33; 'the colour should be more appealing, brighter' -M40.
1031	Other critical issues raised by the students regarding the campaign were regarding the students' inability to relate to the communicated issues of saving energy because 'the message is not personal; students don't pay their own bills' -M22; and the 'students on campus see energy as unlimited' -M35.
1032	The study did however, find that positive perceptions of the organisation's/HEI's behaviour led to positive Aad.
1033	Ultimately, the results suggest that using corporate sponsors in HEI environmental interventions can result in a higher likelihood of students developing positive attitudes toward the advertisement, due to associating/transferring their positive feelings for the sponsor to the advertisement.
1034	Nevertheless, to our knowledge this is the first study that has examined the ways in which the multiple levels of individual, organisational and campaign-related factors influence the likelihood of PEBs among university students, through exposure to a corporate-sponsored environmental HEI campaign.
1035	The former were largely collected by folklorists, while the latter were published for mass consumption.
1036	This proved to be one of most rewarding questions: almost every family had a funny story or two to share.
1037	Canned jokes may also be a part of family lore, but, as I show later on, they are always adapted to the context of a particular family.
1038	Secondly, the audiences for these folklore sets are different.
1039	Cooking is a chore attributed mainly to women.
1040	It also points to a clash between the traditional model of family life and modernity.
1041	When I asked who does the cooking, the wife replied that the two have breakfast separately but try to eat dinner together, and it is generally cooked by her.
1042	On the one hand, the husband is probably reluctant to cook at weekends and getting him to do so involves a degree of coercion on the wife's part.
1043	Sometimes the husband cooks only a few 'special' dishes.
1044	However, there is some degree of correspondence between jokes and reality: for the most part, cooking does remain the woman's responsibility even though in many families the husband cooks occasionally.
1045	In the following chapter, I discuss how this relatively new reality manifests in humorous family anecdotes.
1046	Unlike internet jokes, however, in the humorous anecdotes of my interviewees I did not see such a clear gender demarcation: it was not necessarily the wife's inability to cook that was mocked; often it was the husband who was made fun of.
1047	If anything, jokes found on the internet display considerable continuity with jokes from previous eras and appear to be on the conservative side in terms of values.
1048	This finding implied that referees consciously related decisions as a game-management strategy rather than constituting negative unconscious bias.
1049	Such approaches are somewhat questionable.
1050	Initial interview questions focussed on developing a rapport with the referees and covered topics such as: what do you enjoy about refereeing and why do you referee?
1051	The players do not want their legs broken, or their ankles broken, the players want the referee to be in charge.
1052	They will compare back to other incidents.
1053	Greg starts: I want to make sure there's no controversy.
1054	The referees believed, therefore, that how entertaining the match could be was contingent on their decision-making choices.
1055	As such, there is a need to investigate the perspectives of players, coaches, and spectators regarding the referee's decision-making role, as this would enable referees to better calibrate their decision-making in line with key stake-holders.
1056	Considering that the wet cast installations are done with no direct inspection ability, the drilled shaft integrity is often unknown, which increases risk to the process.
1057	There are several quality control methods and devices used to evaluate many of these design considerations.
1058	The other methods can overcome some or all of the limitations of the more simplistic methods as well as better identify and quantify any anomalous zones.
1059	The most recent advance in drilled shaft integrity testing uses the hydration temperature of the shaft concrete to assess concrete integrity as well as reinforcing cage alignment, and concrete cover.
1060	This allows the effective shaft radius to be depicted along the length of the shaft.
1061	This is particularly true of wet cast drilled shafts where the base condition cannot be visually observed.
1062	An integrated self-calibrating feature automatically adjusts for changes in wave speed if the slurry should be denser with depth, greatly improving the accuracy of the computed radii.
1063	A representative axis scan is presented in Figure 5 .
1064	Section III presents a big-picture overview of the analysis procedure, whose distinct stages are discussed in greater detail in Sec.
1065	Filters limit the usable IF bandwidth of each spectrum to roughly 2.5 MHz, well below the 12.5 MHz Nyquist frequency.
1066	As illustrated in Fig.
1067	Thus we can restrict our focus to an analysis band of full width ≈ 2∆ν c centered on the cavity mode in each spectrum without appreciably affecting our sensitivity.
1068	The task of removing the spectral baseline without appreciably attenuating any axion signal is made tractable by their different characteristic spectral scales, or in other words by ∆ν c ∆ν a .
1069	We flag iterations compromised by gain drifts using the spectra themselves.
1070	V with a few key differences.
1071	We cannot afford to be as aggressive in cutting such features because Gaussian statistics dictates that roughly 300 bins will exceed 4.5σ p across all 6766 processed spectra.
1072	The output of the SG filter applied to the normalized spectrum in Fig.
1073	Imperfect stopband attenuation, on the other hand, implies that features and fluctuations on small spec-tral scales are slightly suppressed when we divide each normalized spectrum by the SG filter output; equivalently, the SG filter slightly attenuates axion signals and imprints small negative correlations between processed spectrum bins.
1074	The presence of negative correlations on small spectral scales will reduce σ µ substantially and also increase σ σ 2 slightly, without appreciably changing the mean value of either distribution.
1075	Eq.
1076	The factors we have absorbed into the definition of U 0 are independent of both i and j and thus only affect the overall normalization of the rescaled spectra.
1077	IV A, we made VNA measurements of the cavity mode in transmission both before and after each cavity noise measurement to cut iterations with excessive drift.
1078	Sums whose upper and lower limits are elided are to be interpreted as running over all possible values of the index.
1079	On spectral scales small compared to the analysis band width, m k fluctuates by ±2 due to the presence of missing bins in the processed spectra.
1080	Thus, our next task is to determine an explicit expression for the grand spectrum δ g /σ g as a weighted sum of adjacent combined spectrum bins.
1081	The weights used to construct the rebinned spectrum cannot themselves depend on the lineshape: the above example demonstrates that any given ν will correspond to the axion mass in one grand spectrum bin and the tail of the axion power distribution in another.
1082	Virialization of the dark matter in the galactic halo relates these two distributions.
1083	Searches typically assume a virialized halo which is moreover spherically symmetric and approximately isothermal, such that the dark matter velocity distribution is very nearly Maxwellian in the galactic rest frame.
1084	For a pseudoisothermal halo in the galactic rest frame, axion velocities obey a Maxwell-Boltzmann distribution, and the corresponding kinetic energies have a χ 2 distribution of degree 3.
1085	Specific parameter values cited throughout Sec.
1086	Each δ r is the ML-weighted estimate of the mean power excess in K r adjacent combined spectrum bins δ c k if the axion power distribution is uniform on scales smaller than ∆ν r .
1087	Neglecting small-scale variation in R c k , Eq.
1088	In our view, the ML scheme relates more directly to the fundamental quantities of interest in the haloscope search.
1089	We used a simulation to show that the observed values of ξ r and ξ g are indeed fully explained by processed spectrum correlations imprinted by the SG filter.
1090	The procedure we use to quantify η is described in detail in Sec.
1091	The vertical axis on the right applies to the dashed blue curve, which is a normalized Gaussian distribution with unit standard deviation and mean RT , and represents the expected distribution of excess power δ g /σ g in a single grand spectrum bin containing an axion signal.
1092	The "ideal" analysis is identical except that it bypasses the steps that imprint and then remove the baseline; thus we expect no effects associated with the SG filter in the ideal grand spectrum.
1093	We also record the value of δ g /σ g in a few other bins far from ν in different parts of the standard grand spectrum.
1094	We also obtain Gaussian fluctuations with standard deviationσ g in other bins far from the axion mass.
1095	We confirmed that we obtain the same value of η usingLq in the grand spectrum weights.
1096	The corrected grand spectrum δ g /σ g and threshold Θ are shown in Fig.
1097	Note also that though the presence of grand spectrum correlations affects the rescan yield, it does not affect the initial scan confidence level c 1 .
1098	IX A.
1099	We can thus ensure that a real axion signal exceeds the new threshold with some desired confidence c 2 , while simultaneously greatly reducing the probability that a statistical fluctuation does so.
1100	V -VII to produce a rescan grand spectrum, and leaving the initial scan grand spectrum unchanged.
1101	IX B, and also to flag and cut anomalous iterations as in Sec.
1102	VI B to construct a single ML-weighted combined spectrum from the set of 250 rescaled spectra.
1103	In the bins correlated with each candidate, the appropriate confidence level is the conditional probability that a true axion signal would fail to exceed the coincidence threshold, having already exceeded the initial scan threshold; since the two scans are independent, this probability is just c 2 .
1104	If our observations are not independent but rather correlated, Eq.
1105	VI A; thus from a least-squares perspective the rescaling of the spectra need not be regarded as a distinct step of the analysis procedure.
1106	The corrected grand spectrum SNRR g depends on many measured parameters whose uncertainties we have thus far ignored.
1107	VI A for the definition of these additive contributions and to Ref.
1108	Negative correlations arise because increasing any of the additive terms in T eff while holding the others constant would reduce the measured value of the hot/cold noise power ratio Y .
1109	Among S × n K independent bins, we expect 0.5 bins with power excess this large, so the observation of one should not be surprising.
1110	Since Pinney's note in 1950 it is widely known how to write ρ as a function of the two particular solutions of the corresponding parametric oscillator problem.
1111	This large electrode is separated from the split-gate electrode by a narrow opening.
1112	The non-resonant photoexcitation causes heating of the IX gas by a few Kelvin.
1113	An interesting regime for electron transport through electronic split-gates is the regime of quantum ballistic transport, where the mean free path and Fermi wavelength exceed the device dimensions.
1114	This captures the effects of any yet undiscovered physics beyond the SM, given that it is separated from the latter by a mass gap and in particular is significantly heavier than the scales probed experimentally.
1115	After this general discussion of the behavior of the cross section and the fit coefficients, in the next section we will employ Eq.
1116	Nevertheless, since our goal is the proof of principle of the recast technique, we are not hunting for the latest and best limit.
1117	Finally, ξ ≡ v 2 /f 2 parametrizes the composite Higgs non-linearity, with f the Pseudo-Goldstone decay constant.
1118	Given the low amount of data in the analyses considered, together with the inherent difficulty of the channel, we do not expect to provide competitive limits on the models at the current stage, but rather present these results as an academic exercise to demonstrate the application of our tool in the future.
1119	The vector-like leptons, on the other hand, do modify κ λ and also identically affect κ t .
1120	This allows us to express potential deviations from the SM in a consistent way as coefficients of effective operators and constraints on these operators will provide us a guidance on how nature could look at shortest distances.
1121	Furthermore, we employed the formula to recast exclusion bounds, derived assuming certain benchmark points in parameter space with a given kinematics, to points with modified kinematic distributions.
1122	The presence of masks will change the statistics of the MVs, and we resort to numerical simulations to estimate their distribution.
1123	Figure 2 shows the effect of foreground masks on the distribution of the MVs.
1124	And since they can also be directly applied to polarization maps, all the applications discussed here extend to all primordial CMB maps.
1125	It is therefore important to understand the role of spacetime symmetries in string dynamics.
1126	More general deformations are not symmetry transformations, but describe physically distinct solutions.
1127	It is therefore essential to express the stress tensors in terms of fixed, background-independent operators, such as π 26 and X 26 .
1128	As above, they are massless equations of motion and Lorentz gauge conditions for the gauge and scalar bosons.
1129	We first need to relax the R ξ -like gauge condition.
1130	This implies that the currents are not conserved, and the spacetime symmetry is spontaneously broken.
1131	Hypersonic applications require low numerical diffusivity to accurately resolve the waves in the flow, yet also require robustness for the large discontinuities in the flow that can occur near shocks.
1132	The factorization error is only scaled by the time step and the time step squared for two dimensional and axisymmetric calculations.
1133	A, B, and C are block tridiagonal matrices for structured grids with central difference or first order spatial upwind implicit flux jacobians.
1134	The A, B, and C matrices in Eq.
1135	The LUSGS 10 algorithm currently in OVERFLOW 2 is an unfactored scheme, but does not iterate the matrix solution at each subiteration.
1136	This can be useful during the convergence process when strong shocks are present or during the initial solution transient.
1137	The wall function formulation added to OVERFLOW 2 includes the effects of compressibility and heat transfer.
1138	The original species transport equations formulation in OVERFLOW 2 included convection terms only.
1139	The equations are solved using the unfactored SSOR approach.
1140	The geometry is shown in Fig.
1141	The test was run at a Mach number of 0.875 and a chord Reynolds number of 2.67x10 6 .
1142	The central difference algorithm has greater numerical diffusion.
1143	The bay was located behind a 15 in.
1144	The calculations were run 12,000 iterations and the final 8192 time steps were statistically analyzed.
1145	Ten Newton subiterations were used per time step.
1146	The CFD predictions and the experiment are in good agreement for the first 0.2 seconds of the trajectory.
1147	There is good agreement between CFD and experiment for the first 0.3 seconds of the trajectory.
1148	This case could not be run with the original algorithms in OVERFLOW 2.
1149	Pressure contours are shown in Fig.
1150	This can also be seen in the centerline Mach number distribution in Fig.
1151	Predicted heat transfer is compared to data in Fig.
1152	This case could not be run with the original upwind algorithms in OVERFLOW 2.
1153	The code does an excellent job in predicting the heat transfer for this case, and the solution is reasonably well grid converged.
1154	However, sometimes, the costs and benefits of using these advanced CI techniques are uncertain.
1155	Usually the benefits are not assured, while the costs are immediate.
1156	Here, the property investigated is temporal dependence and, thus, by shuffling the original time series, the temporal dependencies, if any, are lost.
1157	We think that this negligence may give rise to many inconclusive results.
1158	However the correlation between the predictability 7 of a time series and the profitability of GP induced rules, and more generally of any trading strategies, is an intriguing and still open question, whose answer 8 constitutes, in our view, a major step towards efficient market timing decision tools.
1159	More precisely, we will propose here several different styles of pretests, which when put together can help us decide whether there are hidden patterns to be discovered and whether GP is properly designed to do the job.
1160	The essential idea underlying all proposed pretests is to compare the performance of GP with random trading strategies or behavior.
1161	Section 2 provides a detailed formulation of the four pretests.
1162	For instance, let us consider GP with the parameters chosen for this study: a population of 500 individuals evolved over 100 generations.
1163	In practice, search algorithms sometimes rediscover identical solutions over the course of their execution.
1164	The implementation of the random search strategy is straightforward: parameters of GP are set in such a way that only the initial generation, where individuals are created at random, is used.
1165	We should also enforce lottery trading to have the same expected intensity as GP to avoid misleading results, for instance, in the case where, given its frequency, the intensity of lottery trading is not sufficient to cover the transaction costs with the volatility of the market under study.
1166	We denote by F GP and I GP , respectively, the average frequency and average intensity observed for the set of GP-evolved rules applied to the testing interval over all GP runs, and N GP is the number of transactions leading to F GP .
1167	The null hypothesis H 4,0 corresponding to pretest 4 has been presented in Section 2.2.
1168	The validity of the null hypothesis H 1,0 , which can be tested with pretest 1, gives a helpful insight into the answer: only if H 1,0 should be rejected can we conclude that GP shows some real effectiveness.
1169	The methodology adopted here is to check if the outcomes of the pretests are consistent with results already published in the literature.
1170	The results presented below are based on fractions of this.
1171	Critical surfaces are nearly spherical for slow rotators, but become strongly distorted for rapid rotators, giving rise to important gradients of density and velocity that should consequently effect asymptotic quantities.
1172	It is possible to show that the asymptotic problem with non-vanishing external pressure does not accept solutions where r goes to infinity on any magnetic field line.
1173	In the very fast rotator limit the density falls off dramatically in the envelope where the gas pressure becomes negligible compared to the magnetic pressure.
1174	The rotation parameter ω is equal to 0.4, 1.3 and 1.8 top to bottom respectively.
1175	The parameter related to the mass loss rate isᾱ 0 , the mass to magnetic flux ratio on the polar axis.
1176	In this subsection we study the dependence of the outflow culated at the outer edge of the flow as functions of the specific entropyQ.
1177	The velocity is seen to change by three orders of magnitude, between the isothermal and adiabatic flow showing the whole possible range of variations of the parameter.
1178	It is found that only in the central part of the asymptotic outflow does the kinetic energy flux dominate over Poynting flux.
1179	The question of profiles of angular velocity and specific entropy has to be assessed because real astrophysical objects do not possess constant values of these two functions from the axis to the outer edge.
1180	For example the rotation of the sun is known to be differential and in the case of young stellar objects some part of the outflow come from a disk characterized by differential rotation with strong zero with a step-like transition, the same for Ω 3 but more smoothly, Ω 2 and Ω 5 vary from Ω 0 to Ω 0 /2 and 1.5 × Ω 0 respectively and finally Ω 4 follows the differential rotation of a Solar-type star.
1181	Similarly to rigid rotators, the pressure globally decreases from the axis to the outer edge, though the gradient of rotation causes a second peak of pressure to appear.
1182	Ω 1 and Ω 2 go from a maximum value on the axis to zero and half of this maximum on the equator respectively.
1183	A varying specific entropy can enhance this difference as shown in Fig.
1184	All other parameters in this formula are given by the solution in the inner part of the flow close to the source and by the boundary condition on the axis.
1185	Since r A has been found in paper I to be proportional to α −1/3 , the total current increases with α.
1186	This illustrates that the solutions obtained with this model carry return currents at other locations than at the polar axis, contrary to self-similar models.
1187	This agrees with our earlier conclusion in this section, fast rotators have a concentrated current around the polar axis while slow rotators carry a diffuse current.
1188	For very fast rotators the current varies little with external pressure.
1189	This can clearly be seen in the left panel of Fig.
1190	An analytical solution for the poloidal current has also been obtained in the case of the fast rotator in terms of the rotation parameter and the Alfvén radius.
1191	In contrast, the mnemonic model postulates a single catalytically active enzyme conformation with the ability to ''remember'' its active state for only a short period of time following turnover.
1192	The crystal structures also identify a common binding site for synthetic GCK activators at a location within the small domain that is approximately 20 Å removed from the glucose binding site.
1193	These results also reveal a universal mechanism of glucokinase activation, which may inform the development of new antidiabetic agents.
1194	Some evidence of GCK structural plasticity has emerged from X-ray structures determined in the presence and absence of various ligands; however, since crystal structures represent highresolution snapshots of protein states, they neither reveal timescale information nor how different states are dynamically related to each other.
1195	Optical spectroscopy, on the other hand, provides time-scale information at single sites without reporting on local structure.
1196	Ile residues in the GCK-activator complex were assigned based on identical cross-peak positions with respect to the wild-type spectrum.
1197	Figure S1 Illustration of the assignment procedure for Ile crosspeaks of GCK.
1198	The disappearance of the cross-peak due to I351 in the mutant is followed by a small chemical shift change of I348 due to their close spatial proximity.
1199	Hence it is suggested that the WTO dispute settlement system is institutionally biased, 16 pricing developing countries out of their ability to participate within the system.
1200	Furthermore, the requirement of self-representation and self-initiation of WTO dispute settlement proceedings is in keeping with the fact that the WTO is not a supranational entity but a judicial one.
1201	As will be discussed further in a later section, this also motivates members to debate important trade policy issues within their governments and build greater trade capacity.
1202	In this paper explanations for low participation among developing countries are broadly distinguished into cost and capacity issues.
1203	These costs are factored into the overall cost-benefit analysis members perform when deciding whether to initiate WTO proceedings.
1204	Browne goes on to suggest that 'such compensation should also be paid if the developed country unilaterally withdraws the measure before completion of proceedings'.
1205	In cases where the Appellate Body rules in favour of a developing country it is suggested that the developed country should pay for the developing country's legal costs, thus reducing the developing country's cost of participation.
1206	Although independent from the WTO, the ACWL works as part of the wider support network available to developing country members to reduce costs.
1207	Factoring this into the dispute settlement proceedings shows a skewed balance of power between developed and developing countries going into the process.
1208	A resistance from developing countries may therefore be a case of not wanting to 'bite the hand that feeds it'.
1209	Even though the dispute settlement system has been criticised for a lack of enforceability of Panel and Appellate Body decisions, this does not hinder the process.
1210	Busch and Reinhardt therefore argue that 'the central problem for developing countries is that they are missing out on early settlement, not that they boast a worse record in winning pro-plaintiff rulings'.
1211	It is rather problems of internal governance and organization in many capitals that may be responsible for the relative absence of many members from the WTO dispute scene'.
1212	From the evidence, this can be narrowed further into an internal capacity problem within developing countries regarding a lack of convergence between the private sector and government.
1213	We start with some preliminaries.
1214	All functions related to u l and defined in Section 3 will be denoted with the superscript l. Let h m ∈ H m .
1215	Example 2 The inventory model.
1216	The innovation of our proposal is mainly based on the idea of developing a PLE that allows ubiquitous access from mobiles devices, and also on the integration of learning tools and patterns that might be of help to direct practitioners' learning across the continuum between informal and formalized learning scenarios and contents.
1217	Our proposal is based in a conception of a PLE as a learning facilitator, when learning is considered in a holistic sense and from the learner perspective, throughout life in virtual and physical contexts, rather than the idea of a PLE as a technological platform that integrates a number of network services for this purpose.
1218	In order to elaborate the theoretical framework of the project, we have reviewed the main current research on the conceptualization and implementation of PLEs, i.e.
1219	Our conception the user profile is based on a professional adult, responsible for his or her own development.
1220	We should therefore remember that the competences for learning throughout life are defined as a combination of knowledge, skills and attitudes to develop appropriately in a specific context.
1221	This process has been enhanced and has become more evident with the emergence of social technologies.
1222	This pattern is dynamic since the degrees of informality/formalization may vary along time.
1223	Currently, the project is in the stage of conceptualization and specification of the functional requirements of the PLE and the underlying learning approach.
1224	Conceptualize the educational approach of the environment.
1225	In neither of these two cases, is the learner completely free to decide what, when and how to learn.
1226	Information objects are units of information that the user collects.
1227	They can also be placed in the timeline of a specific "knowledge goal".
1228	Users may remove, relocate in time, or change the configuration of any information object at any moment.
1229	On the base of this analysis it also advances the functional requirements of a ubiquitous PLE platform.
1230	Different regions of the brain exhibit distinct anatomical structures, cell morphologies, and synaptic connectivities and perform specific computational tasks.
1231	This allowed us to explore how information transmission depends on the synaptic connectivity of randomly connected networks, GC threshold, and the fraction of MFs active.
1232	We first analyzed the functional properties of the simplest configuration of the UBN model, with one synaptic connection per GC and a threshold of 1.
1233	Since GCs are 3-fold more numerous than MF synaptic rosettes, the absolute number of activated GC was higher than the number of MF inputs.
1234	Since both information transmission and sparsification are essential for cerebellar operation, we investigated which feedforward network connectivity and threshold settings provided the best trade-off between these two competing functions.
1235	Since one of the central assumptions in our simplified analytical approach was that all MF inputs were independent, we examined how spatial correlations in the MF activity patterns affected information transmission and sparsification in spiking networks.
1236	These sophisticated operations may explain why the structure of the neocortical input layer is more complex than cerebellar input layer, which lacks recurrent excitatory connections.
1237	In such systems, because the carrier phase is not tracked, carrier frequency uncertainty may be present at the receiver.
1238	With conventional DPSK the average bit error rate for a "1" is seen to be several times greater than that for a "0".
1239	For small frequency offset and timing error, symmetrical DPSK has a lower error rate than conventional DPSK because adjacent bit signals are approximately orthogonal rather than in or out of phase.
1240	Figs.
1241	Although the average bit error rate is only slightly higher with conventional DPSK, there can be a large difference in the error rates for a "0" and a "1".
1242	Since no potential harm for the participants was expected or even considered possible, the ethics committee asked that informed consent be obtained prior to the study, which was done as described before.
1243	The baseline testing was provided to ensure that there were no significant differences in the baseline characteristics between the groups.
1244	Each participant was individually evaluated by a standardized test protocol without being able to recognize other participants' performance.
1245	Interestingly, participants of the male-only group felt significantly more uncomfortable in their group and more disturbed by the composition of their group than male participants of the "normal" mixed standard group.
1246	Evidence about the effectiveness of such projects in medical education or acquisition of skills is scarce.
1247	Therefore, further studies are warranted that specifically address gender aspects in resuscitation training.
1248	The typical female vs.
1249	On the other hand this fact causes a smaller number of male participants, which could be considered as limitation as well.
1250	In fact, the applied training situation for genderrelated groups is not transferable to real-life emergency situations, because there a specific constitution is not possible.
1251	There is a single distortion in the economy: congestion on the road is unalterably underpriced.
1252	Wheaton found that reducing the toll infinitesimally below the first-best level results in an increase in optimal road width.
1253	While we shall continue to refer to the two modes from A to B as road and rail, it should be clear that the pair of modes has various interpretations.
1254	Also, in common with all the previous literature, we ignore other distortions in the rest of the economy.
1255	Thus, the benefit from the road expansion is greater in the no-toll equilibrium than in the first-best equilibrium if and only if area efgh -area gijk exceeds area abcd.
1256	Thus, lowering the toll incrementally from its optimal level causes optimal capacity to increase.
1257	The demand for trips is not a primitive of tastes, and the demand elasticity varies over time and place, depending among other things on the flexibility of work hours and the configuration of the road and rail networks.
1258	It is noteworthy that Vickrey, a champion of the poor and underprivileged, did not incorporate distributional considerations into most of his discussions of urban transport policy.
1259	In terms of Figure 3 , naïve cost-benefit analysis measures marginal social benefit as area efgh whereas the true marginal social benefit is area efgh -area gijk.
1260	The intuition is as follows.
1261	We suppose that the trackage and the number of rail carriages are fixed, but that service frequency is variable, more frequent service therefore entailing fewer carriages per train.
1262	Since an expansion of the road does not alter the full price of rail travel, it does not alter the equilibrium full price of travel and therefore confers no benefit, nor does it generate any reduction in rail operating costs.
1263	If, in deciding on train frequency, the rail authority fails to take the effects of its decision on road travel fully into account, as seems realistic, the increase in total travel costs will exceed the cost savings from reducing train frequency.
1264	Now, let us consider the optimal second-best rail fare.
1265	Eqs.
1266	One obvious line of attack is to analyze the problem, holding one of the policy variables fixed.
1267	For example, with the secular decline in transit ridership in the U.S., it may not be unrealistic to assume that existing rail capacity is excessive and, since it is largely irreversible, essentially fixed.
1268	Alternatively, one might assume, for the same reason, that congestion on the rail is unimportant, returning us to the world of the paradoxes discussed earlier.
1269	Since our aim in this paper has been to elucidate the basic economics of capacity and pricing decisions in urban transportation when auto congestion is underpriced, we have been content to follow the literature in its specification of the congestion and construction technologies.
1270	Second, as was discussed in section III.1, the technology of rail is not adequately captured by a user cost function which depends only on the volume-capacity ratio and a capacity construction cost function.
1271	Analysis of this problem is certainly useful in developing the economics of the second best in the context of transportation.
1272	At what level should the gasoline tax be set?
1273	We started with a synthetic exposition of the earlier literature which tended to provide separate treatments of the pricing and capacity problems, and extended it in several directions.
1274	The C-terminal domain of E2 binds specifically to the recognition motifs as a dimer, hence resulting in two contact points on the motif with a spacer sequence in between.
1275	A plasmid containing the complete genome of HPV18 was a kind gift from Dr.
1276	Cycling parameters are initial denaturation at 95°C for 4 min, followed by 25 cycles of 95°C denaturing step for 30 s, 55°C to 60°C annealing step for 1 min and 72°C extension step for 90 s, with an extra extension step at 72°C for 10 min.
1277	The β-galactosidase assay reagents used were compatible with the cell lysates prepared from the Luciferase Assay System.
1278	The luciferase and β-galactosidase activities were determined for each of these promoter construct/human cell line combinations.
1279	The standard error of the three repeated experiments in each cell line is represented by error bars.
1280	In our study, the E2BS mutation constructs in HeLa cells resulted in a decreased level of relative luciferase activity compared with the wild-type LCR800 P 105 promoter.
1281	This could indicate that a truncated viral E2 protein is acting as a transcriptional activator.
1282	Finding the optimal antenna subset, however, is a challenging problem in its own right.
1283	Let S be a set that maximizes the value of f over all kelement sets.
1284	Thus, we conclude that relay antenna selection problem is modular in the number of relay antennas.
1285	Now depending on values of h 1 and h 2 , C 1 can be more or less than C 2 .
1286	None of these selection problems, except the two cases considered in this paper, are sub-modular/modular functions and finding theoretical bounds on their performance remains open.
1287	For triple staining, analysis was done in the green, red, and far-red channels.
1288	See supporting information Table  3 for a list of primers used.
1289	Cell sorting of human ES cellderived neural cell suspensions enabled the isolation of CD24 HI and CD24 LO subpopulations.
1290	HI surface antigen was a marker well correlated with the differentiation of neuronal cells.
1291	Pseudocolor images were obtained with identical setting for each experimental group using confocal microscopy.
1292	From our current focus on cell transplantation to models of neurodegenerative disease in the CNS, it is an important finding that excluding this population is a prerequisite for tumor elimination and enhances the purity of the graft, as evidenced by absence of myosin-positive cells.
1293	A better understanding of the cell populations present in culture and their interactions in the dish may contribute to achieving that.
1294	A fuller accounting of other relevant factors awaits future work.
1295	These results do suggest a potential role for these provider characteristics in decision making.
1296	There are several limitations to this study.
1297	As such, these results may not generalize to PCPs in other settings.
1298	Remark.
1299	Thus a non-symplectic line meets O either in 0 or 2 points.
1300	Then there exists a point P 1 ∈ O with P 1 ∈ π. Then P ⊥ 1 ∩ π is a hermitian line; its three hermitian points do not belong to O, since they are perpendicular with P 1 .
1301	X 1 , X 2 , X 3 are non-collinear.
1302	Case 2.
1303	In this paper, the detection algorithm is based on the stator current signal.
1304	To detect a failure, we propose a new detector based on the variance of the demodulated current.
1305	This paper is organized as follows.
1306	In this section, we propose a low complexity detector which does not require any training set.
1307	For unbalanced system, one should note that this simple hypothesis test is no longer valid since 2 is not necessary equal to 0 for healthy machine.
1308	Then, an hypothesis test based on the statistical variance of the demodulated envelope is performed to discriminate between healthy and faulty generators.
1309	In the second, we perform a post-processing step which compares the networks obtained for different datasets, in order to identify common edges, and to thereby assess and quantify the similarities in dataset structure.
1310	Here we develop a novel graph theoretical approach for integrating clustering outcomes across several datasets, which we refer to as "GTA" for brevity.
1311	One challenge in this case is to assess the uncertainty/confidence in this output.
1312	In order to define a fusion function, f, we take inspiration from Balasubramanian et al.
1313	Here we are interested in comparing our result to the result delivered by data fusion methods, which explicitly model relationships and dependencies between datasets.
1314	This suggest that GTA can be seen as a useful approximation to MDI, which offers considerable savings on computational times.
1315	In this paper we have developed and illustrated an alternative way to integrate data generated from different sources.
1316	Generalizations of the Burgers vortex type are constructed and various solutions for W are discussed.
1317	Section 5 deals with the invariance properties of the boundary conditions.
1318	The vector fields V 6 , V 7 , V 8 yield both the space and the velocity field rotations.
1319	A particular solution of Eqs.
1320	At this point it is convenient to look for a solution of Eq.
1321	Then, Eq.
1322	This aspect is discussed below.
1323	A being a constant.
1324	To this aim, first let us analyse the general case.
1325	In particular, we mention the case in which to the Eqs.
1326	However, the sample sizes of individual trials have been small, and the results have been mixed and inconclusive.
1327	To date, no systematic reviews with meta-analyses have been performed to specifically examine the effects of traditional Chinese exercises for people with COPD.
1328	Databases were searched from their inception to August 2015.
1329	The inclusion criteria conformed to the PICOS approach, as described below.
1330	The intervention time was longer than 6 weeks.
1331	Study design.
1332	The patients in all trials received the standard pharmacological treatment in addition to the experimental intervention.
1333	A fixed effects meta-analysis was performed.
1334	We performed a meta-analysis to assess the effects of traditional Chinese exercise included Taichi, Qigong, Liu Zijue, Ba Duanjin, Wu Qinxi, Yi Jinjing on patients with COPD.
1335	Patients with COPD experience a decrease in exercise capacity and increased dyspnea, which is directly related to the damage to lung function.
1336	This process significantly increases chest expansion and retraction, which leads to increased alveolar ventilation.
1337	This, in turn, affects whole-body functioning and prevents unhealthy physiological behavioral responses, such as poor treatment adherence and social withdrawal, in patients with COPD.
1338	For this model to be viable, the subfunctions of the gene are required to be independent so that mutations in one subfunction will not affect the other.
1339	CNEs marked with an orange box have another dCNE family member in the vicinity of PAX5 and the CNE marked with a blue box has a dCNE family member conserved upstream of PAX8.
1340	For each overlapping pair, we calculated the proportion of the overlapping sequence as a function of the full length Fugu-human conserved sequence in each co-ortholog.
1341	Overlapping CNEs are conserved to the same human sequence across the length of the overlap.
1342	These results suggest that a substantial number of the elements appear to have undergone an asymmetrical rate of evolution since duplication, something we would expect under the DDC model.
1343	Recent studies show there are a surprisingly large number of duplicated genes present in the genomes of all organisms that cannot be accounted for by the classic models of nonfunctionalization and neofunctionalization.
1344	CNEs that cluster in the same location in human but derive from two separate locations in the Fugu genome strongly indicate the presence of coorthologous regions.
1345	A proportion of these can be predicted through the comparative genomic approaches outlined in this study and for the purposes of this discussion are assumed to be represented by CNEs.
1346	This approach is particularly appropriate for early developmental regulators for which function and regulation are likely to be highly constrained across all vertebrates and the mammalian gene represents as close as possible the ancestral preduplication state.
1347	A significant proportion of overlapping CNEs have also undergone asymmetrical rates of substitution, suggesting one copy retained the ancestral function while the other was free to evolve, possibly to a novel function.
1348	This could be a consequence of each co-ortholog pair having followed a different evolutionary path after duplication; each under a number of different selective pressures depending on their expression and/or function as well as the influence of stochastic evolutionary events following a relaxation of evolutionary constraint due to genetic redundancy.
1349	To avoid ambiguities in associating CNEs to genes, we selected only those regions containing a single trans-dev gene within the CNE cluster.
1350	The rest of the co-orthologous sets that did not have characterized zebrafish equivalents were assigned names randomly.
1351	All genomic sequences were orientated prior to alignment so that the trans-dev gene was in positive orientation and masked for known repeats and low complexity regions using RepeatMasker and the relevant species-specific repeat library.
1352	In rice, several NAC TFs have been well characterized.
1353	Tubulin transcript was used to quantify the relative transcript level.
1354	Positive transgenic lines were firstly screened on kanamycin plates and then identified by fluorescence detection.
1355	Sequence alignment showed the target cDNA sequences were identical with the coding region of the D genome member, demonstrating that TaNAC67 was located on chromosome 6D.
1356	As Fig.
1357	Generally, a higher OP suggests more water retained in plant cell under normal or slight water stress conditions.
1358	In the present study, TaNAC67 transgenics were exposed to severe drought, salt and freezing stresses.
1359	This study primarily concerned the morphological and physiological effects of TaNAC67 overexpression in Arabidopsis under normal and adverse conditions.
1360	Stellar explosions, due to their large luminosity, represent an excellent probe of the distant, and thus young, Universe.
1361	Down on the energetics ladder, supernovae explosions, discovered as bursts of optical light, have thus far been a viable route.
1362	To step progressively through the various challenges posed by SN spectroscopic modeling, we first concentrate on type II SN, known to exhibit modest, and at early times negligible, amounts of nucleosynthesised metals during the explosion, thereby allowing us to neglect the deposition of energy from radioactive decay.
1363	In Sect.
1364	When we use the correction factors from Paper II, distance estimates are in better agreement with the Cepheid-distance, but there is still a relatively large scatter between different filter sets.
1365	In the context of the EPM, the extinction uncertainty translates directly into an uncertainty in the distance modulus.
1366	Alternatively, lowering the effective temperature increases line-blocking through the shift from Fe iii to Fe ii opacity sources, also matching the observed UV flux better; in this situation, however, the slope of the optical synthetic SED is then too flat.
1367	An observed feature at ∼1.03µm is not predicted by CMFGEN, despite the numerous species included; this could come from singly-ionized species, or perhaps Sc or Ba, not accounted for at present.
1368	Discrepancies are noticeable for Hα, whose strength in absorption and emission is underestimated; we are currently investigating possible extra energy sources that could preserve the large spatial extent of Balmer/Paschen line formation, imposed by the morphology of Hα at late times.
1369	For later use in distance determinations, we thus choose the model photospheric velocity obtained in Sect.
1370	In this section, we show a sequence of computations of distances based on distinct sets of quantities θ S , ξ S and T S .
1371	Adding the eighth date to the dataset leads to systematically smaller distances which are in better agreement but the explosion dates still differ substantially.
1372	Indeed we would expect to derive very similar answers to that found using the EPM technique with detailed SN fitting.
1373	Limiting the sample to the first four epochs only leads to a significant increase in the distance, to ∼15.2 Mpc: the much reduced time-span makes this prediction unreliable.
1374	The average distance for the three bands used is then reduced by ∼0.5-1 Mpc compared to that of the reference case.
1375	The thus-constrained chemical composition is compatible with CNO-cycle equilibrium abundance values for the first month.
1376	At later times, with further cooling of the outflow, C i and O i lines are seen in the 7000-12 000Å regions, requiring significant enhancements over the CNO-cycle equilibrium values; it is not clear if this corresponds to a genuine increase in the corresponding abundances as the photosphere recedes into deeper layers, or if this abundance pattern was identical at all previous times.
1377	In other words, over a 38-day period, we see no spectroscopic evidence of products from explosivenucleosynthesis.
1378	Hence, while there is nothing fundamentally wrong with the EPM, the need for detailed model atmosphere calculations defeats the original purpose of the method.
1379	For simplicity we consider the use of two filters only.
1380	The errors on D and t exp listed in the tables are from the fit only, and thus are a MINIMUM estimate of the error.
1381	The observation of cosmic rays with energies above 5× 10 19 eV seems to violate the GZK cutoff 7 , whose existence is implied by relativistic kinematics.
1382	The framework of effective field theories provides a conservative approach to incorporate departures from special relativity.
1383	A first indication of the possible limitation of a discussion of Lorentz violating effects within the framework of effective field theories comes from the study of noncommutative QFT.
1384	A non-commutativity of space-time has been considered as a possible signature of QG.
1385	The scale M corresponds usually to the mass of a very massive particle, so that the introduction of this energy scale does not pose any problems with respect to relativistic invariance.
1386	Therefore, the presence of Lorentz invariance violations affecting the nonrelativistic limit cannot be excluded a priori in the neutrino case.
1387	It is quite remarkable that cosmic ray phenomenology could be sensitive to the presence of an IR scale.
1388	Total scores are calculated in the same way, using all items.
1389	Subscale scores are summed to yield a total score.
1390	Significantly higher levels of anxiety and posttraumatic stress disorder symptoms were seen in women who had not completed their high school education compared to those who had completed at least high school.
1391	No significant differences in postpartum mental health symptoms were found as a function of age, race/ethnicity, or prior children; thus, these 3 participant characteristics will not be included as covariates in the multivariate analyses.
1392	Psychological aggression before and during pregnancy was associated with postpartum stress.
1393	Physical assault and Note.
1394	Finally, we took great care to establish rapport with participants prior to interview administration and the questions regarding postpartum mental health and intimate partner abuse were placed about two-thirds of the way through the interview; these two strategies may have increased the degree to which women were willing to disclose their experiences.
1395	First, the data are cross-sectional and do not afford longitudinal analyses of the effects of intimate partner abuse on women's mental health over time.
1396	Results of this study provide further evidence that intimate partner abuse is a risk factor for postpartum mental health problems.
1397	Yeast two-hybrid is considered as a powerful tool to allow the identification of specific protein-protein interactions, which are more directly related to signal transduction processes under salt stress.
1398	Then, 5 µg of bait and 10 µg of prey were used for yeast two-hybrid library co-transformation.
1399	Yeast clones were grown on DDO/Xor QDO/X/A plates that contained X-α-gal.
1400	As shown in Figures 6B-F , saline stress differentially modulated the accumulation of MDA and activities of SOD, POD, CAT enzymes and proline content in each type of seedlings.
1401	It has been showed that peroxisomes can rapidly modify their metabolism and dynamics according to the subsequent ROS level in the cell.
1402	The prevalence of the MetS increases with age.
1403	We did not identify any validation studies of these risk algorithms in populations other than those in which they were first developed or applied.
1404	We suggest a simple two-step approach for predicting risk of adult cardiometabolic disease in overweight children and piloting and validating any new algorithms.
1405	That is, when the main connective is a conjunction, it is the falsifier's turn to choose and make a move, and similarly, disjunction yields a choice for the verifier.
1406	Another motivation to approach GTS from a non-classical logical perspective is game compositionality.
1407	However, such work has not been extended to paraconsistent logics to the best of our knowledge.
1408	Furthermore, game semantics is a non-compositional semantics, where the truth value of a formula does not necessarily depend on the truth value of all its subformulas.
1409	Therefore, by constructing semantics games, this work suggests non-compositional semantics for various non-classical logics.
1410	An inclusive definition of a verification game is given as follows.
1411	It will also help us to maintain the Hintikkan intuition about game semantics.
1412	In the non-classical case, the existence of a winning strategy for a player does not necessarily entail the non-existence of winning strategies for the opponents.
1413	The reason is that when players play concurrently each may have their own strategy independent from each other.
1414	But more importantly, it carries the Hintikkan game theoretical intuition over to non-classical logical semantic games, which is one of our main focal points in this work.
1415	For 8 ¬ T F F T P P ∧ T P F T T P F P P P F F F F F ∨ T P F T T T T P T P P F T P F Figure 1 : The truth tables for LP and K3.
1416	In order to make it possible, Astrolabe must be allowed to make moves at conjunctions.
1417	This modification introduces parallel play where the players may make moves in a parallel, concurrent fashion independently.
1418	Astrolabe's role always remains as the paradoxifier in the game.
1419	As we mentioned earlier, game rules ρ is given informally above.
1420	We start with the case for Heloise the verifier.
1421	Let ϕ be paradoxical in M .
1422	If ϕ is a propositional letter p which is paradoxical in M , then Astrolabe wins the play by definition, hence has a winning strategy.
1423	Then, for the game with ϕ, Astrolabe chooses the disjunct that has the truth value P , and this forms his winning strategy for ϕ, independent from whatever Heloise chooses.
1424	We will refer to such theorems with this name from now on.
1425	Notice that it is also Astrolabe the paradoxifier's turn to choose here.
1426	Then, by the induction hypothesis, χ is paradoxical.
1427	Otherwise, if Abelard had a winning strategy, and if one of the conjuncts was F , then P ∧ F would return F , not P disproving the claim.
1428	Theorem 3.4 also indicates that Astrolabe the paradoxifier's strategy is strictly dominated in a sense that if some other player also admits a winning strategy, then Astrolabe's strategy will not give him a win.
1429	The following example illustrates this modification.
1430	Example 3.5.
1431	This line of argument also suggests that Astrolabe's win in a verification game is identical to having both Abelard and Heloise win the play at the same time.
1432	Reducing some truth values to some combinations of others in an absolute reductionist sense eliminates the game theoretical sophistication and richness of verification games.
1433	Additionally, some extensions of LP, such as RM3 which admits modus ponens, or minimal LP can also be given a GTS.
1434	Semantic evaluations are generally thought of as functions from logical formulas to truth values.
1435	The cases for propositional variables and negation are immediate.
1436	By the induction hypothesis, Heloise the verifier has winning strategies for both χ and ψ. Thus, she has a winning strategy for ϕ. For the failure of the reverse direction, assume that Heloise has a winning strategy.
1437	By the induction hypothesis, Heloise the verifier has a winning strategy for χ or ψ. Therefore, she has a winning strategy for ϕ, that is, she chooses the disjunct for which she has a winning strategy.
1438	Then, by definition, ψr∅.
1439	Thus, no player has a winning strategy for ϕ.
1440	This immediately suggests a different reading of strategies as not functions, but as relations.
1441	We call Routleys' system RR, and denote its GTS by GTS RR .
1442	The correctness theorem for GTS RR is given as follows.
1443	In short, logical connectives cannot output a truth value different than the input values.
1444	Then, by definition truth-makers will choose either of the disjunct to employ their winning strategy, say χ without loss of generality.
1445	By the game rules, now the game continues where Heloise and Aristotle are false-makers.
1446	Then, truth-makers will have a winning strategy for ψ.
1447	By induction hypothesis, truth-makers have a winning strategy for that disjunct with the truth value t or T .
1448	Thus, at χ ∨ ψ, truth makers simply choose that disjunct which form the winning strategy of truth makers for ϕ.
1449	This simply mimics a translation from CC to classical logic where T and t are assigned to T , and F and f are assigned to F .
1450	Identifying two players with different goals to force the play to a "necessary truth" win and to a "contingent truth" win, with a single player to force the play to a "truth" win, does not do justice to the verification game for CC.
1451	In the case of BL, with a slight abuse of notation, the problematic formulas are P ∨ N ≡ T and P ∧ N ≡ F .
1452	A Hasse-style truth value lattice for BL is given in Figure 4 .
1453	Definition 7.2.
1454	It is important to note that this unusual semantics underlines the significance of game composition in non-classical games.
1455	That is, both ψ and χ are true.
1456	Then, by the relevant parts of this theorem, χ evaluates to N and ψ evaluates to B. Then by the truth table for BL given in Figure 3 and by Theorem 7.3, ϕ evaluates to T and Heloise admits a winning strategy.
1457	Similarly, ψ cannot be N .
1458	Briefly, the language L M of S5 is obtained by taking the syntactic closure of propositional logic with the possibility modal operator ♦ and the necessity modal operator in the usual way.
1459	Let us reconsider Example 3.1.
1460	Also, the case for Abelard the falsifier is very similar, hence skipped.
1461	This operator brings the meta-logical condition of consistency down to the object level.
1462	Moreover, the game theoretical connection between the consistency of a formula and the winning strategies is not clear, as the logics we have discussed have demonstrated.
1463	This would amount to two choices disguised in one move.
1464	We observed that some logics require additional players, some require concurrent play and some require coalitions.
1465	Most importantly, paraconsistent logics break the immediate connection between truth values and winning strategies.
1466	Furthermore, we observed that for some logics, admitting winning strategies do not conclusively say anything about the truth value of the formula in question.
1467	The x-ray picture serves to demonstrate aseptic necrosis of the head by the dark shadow thrown by this structure amid the adjacent bony parts, which are always somewhat decalcified.
1468	But it is difficult to estimate the exact importance that should be attributed to this phenomenon.
1469	But surely no one will doubt that there are certain displacements of the proximal fragment which cannot be perfectly adjusted except by direct leverage on the head of the bone.
1470	Once the hip-joint is opened this displacement can be corrected by thrusting a long bradawl on a handle into the head and levering it into position to fit the neck exactly.
1471	This will involve great danger of absorption of the neck with impossibility of final reconstruction of a perfect bone.
1472	Then the head is levered into position by transfixing it with a bradawl on a handle.
1473	The perforated Smith-Petersen nail is then hammered into position.
1474	At this stage it is best to have the special curved retractor of Smith-Petersen placed in the joint between the acetabulum and the head.
1475	A final impaction of the fracture is ensured by hamnerinug on the outer part of the base of the trochanter with the special Smith-Petersen instrument.
1476	The flanged, perforated nail is driven in over this, the length being measured from the x-ray pictures.
1477	I know of a considerable number of such cases in which the Smith-Petersen method has been used, -and in which subsequent disintegration of the head and the neck has occurred with complete failure of union.
1478	Another factor of importance, which is helpful in this connexion, is the violence that produced the fracture.
1479	If the fracture was caused by trivial violence, such as catching of the toe in the bed clothes when the patient was turning in bed, it will be found that the bone is much atrophied, and it will be very unlikely that any operation will produce the vascularization or ossification necessary for repair.
1480	They will react badly either to prolonged recumbency or to plaster fixation.
1481	The method invented by Hamilton Russell is ideal for the purpose.
1482	Usually, if there is no union after two or three months, it will never occur without direct attack.
1483	At the Broken Hill inquiry large numbers of surface workers were examined to obtain an idea of the appearance of the average worker's chest in that district.
1484	It gives no detailed information of lung pathology, but is of value in denionstrating diaphragm movement, in localizing abscess or hydatid, and in the control of lipiodol instillations.
1485	Fifteen respondents from 11 centers in North America submitted 37 cases hospitalized between January 1997 and February 2010.
1486	No patients had asplenia or human immunodeficiency virus infection.
1487	We report, to our knowledge, the largest, multicenter series of SP-HUS among North American children, and the largest collection of serotyped isolates associated with SP-HUS.
1488	Our findings were similar to those of prior reports, in that most patients with SP-HUS were 2 years of age, had complicated pneumonia and empyema, and required intensive care and prolonged hospitalization.
1489	Using the pediatric membership of the EIN, we were able to obtain clinical and laboratory information from multiple centers about SP-HUS, a relatively rare condition, which illustrates the utility of this network in assembling case series.
1490	Clinicians should be aware that SP-HUS is a severe disease, and in this series this was most commonly caused by serotype 19A.
1491	In our experience, however, only minor effects are seen when m ≪ N is satisfied.
1492	A more practical approach is to start from full DP, and incorporate SP operations progressively.
1493	The patient was referred for elective surgical excision, which she refused to have.
1494	In the United States, SCC is the second most common skin cancer.
1495	Patients will report tenderness or numbness if SCC extends and disrupts the nerves, particularly those present in the face/head area, which are cranial nerves V and VII.
1496	This disruption of nerves by SCC is otherwise known as perineural invasion.
1497	We therefore recommend that other differential diagnoses such as malignancy, be suspected and biopsy be taken if patients do not show an optimal and desired improvement after receiving a full-course of antibiotic therapy for cellulitis.
1498	Uterine tissues from day 6.5 rats were cut into pieces carefully at interimplantation site and implantation site.
1499	All data are expressed as means AE S.E.M.
1500	After the control and decidualized UESCs were synchronized with 100 nmol/L DXM for 2 h, luciferase activity was chronologically monitored.
1501	The expression levels of Gdf10 and Gdf15 were significantly increased in the decidual cells, and the knockdown of Bmal1-specific mRNA induced significant increases in the expression levels of Gdf10 and Gdf15.
1502	The underlying mechanism of attenuated clockwork in decidual cells is not yet clear.
1503	RT-qPCR analyses of transcript levels were performed using their specific primers for Gdf5, Gdf7, Gdf10, Gdf11, and Gdf15.
1504	The transcript levels were calculated and normalized to each value given by the control sample at 30 h. Page 11 2011; De et al.
1505	RT-qPCR analyses of transcript levels were performed using their specific primers.
1506	The transcript levels were calculated and normalized to each value given by the control sample at 26 h.
1507	This theoretical research of the dependence of the erbium concentration on the core graded refractive index is done.
1508	Figure 3 shows the effect of the parameter δ on the erbium concentration profile.
1509	Figure 9 shows the temperature dependence of the small signal gain coefficient and the gain at constant signal wavelength 1530 nm, according to the Eq.
1510	Upon activation, all populations engage in oscillatory activity.
1511	Second, such pulses delivered by electrical stimulation could be employed to externally direct the focus of attention, a possible application in the field of brain prosthetics.
1512	General organ regeneration is the result of stem cells, so it is a fundamental question in oral biology to understand where dental stem cells are located in polyphyodonts and monophyodonts.
1513	In polyphyodont models, teeth have to be induced in a highly coordinated manner to permit their proper development at regular intervals and with directionality, forming new tooth germs only on the lingual side of the dental lamina in the mandible.
1514	Eggs were collected at laying and maintained on humid vermiculite at 30uC.
1515	Axin2 primers were: Fw 59-CATTGTCTCCAAGCAACTCAAG-39 and Rv 59-AAG-CATTTTCCTCCATCACAGT-39.
1516	Throughout the culture period, DiI label was retained at the tip of the successional lamina and in the adjacent mesenchyme, this suggests that the two populations of cells remain together during the culture period.
1517	White arrows: tooth germs and epithelial projections.
1518	Yellow arrow: dysmorphic tooth germ.
1519	However, a higher increase in cell proliferation was observed in the oral dental epithelium, and aboral epithelium, compared to the enamel organ or successional lamina.
1520	After GSK3b inhibition, changes in Lef1 expression and proliferation were more prominent in the epithelium compared to the mesenchyme, suggesting that the epithelium directs the changes in tooth initiation.
1521	Four different developments with more than 100 W CW output power are known to this author: The CTS-TWT developed by NASA/Litton at 2 0 0 W nominal power output and 8 5 GHz bandwidth.
1522	A 1 2 0 W TWT was developed by Hughes for the National Television of Japan.
1523	Since a 5 GW array requires lo6 amplitrons, phase alignment is necessary which is to be accomplished by mechanically perturbing the magnetic field.
1524	This is so because klystrons need a beam-focusing field.
1525	However, extrapolations of that magnitude may not be valid.
1526	Since this issue is critical to the higher-level evolution of mammals, we here present a detailed analysis of D'Erchia et al.
1527	We prove that this is in fact true in the same limit in which the transmitted pulse stabilizes: the size of the uctuations decreases to 0 while the distance traveled increases to in nity.
1528	The analysis of the pulse in the mean velocity frame is very similar to that of pulse in the random velocity frame, so we will only summarize it here.
1529	Note however, that the discrepancy between 72 and 73 is in the term e ,!
1530	We conducted a series of numerical simulations to illustrate the accuracy of the approximation given by the OD-A limit shape formula 48.
1531	We denote the constant value of the impedance within the k-th layer by k .
1532	Let xdx bea xed probability distribution.
1533	Assume that n is de ned.
1534	In our experiment w e took the x dx distribution to be Gaussian with mean 0 and variance 4:0.
1535	Hence, the Pil1-mCherry structures observed after Pkh2 depletion are probably not fully functional eisosomes, but they still exclude endocytic events perhaps as a result of simple steric hindrance of vesicle coat assembly by the membrane-associated eisosome proteins.
1536	Sec3 and Exo70 are components of an exocytic docking complex, the exocyst.
1537	In total, 16 cells were evaluated.
1538	These results imply that the Can1-GFP molecules are lost from both membrane domains at similar rates during endocytosis.
1539	In addition, our FRAP experiments in noninduced cells showed that Can1 and Tat2 molecules exchange between the MCC and the MCP and stay in a MCC patch on average for only about 5 minutes.
1540	Finally, we observed, that the release kinetics of the permeases from the MCC do not correlate with their endocytosis rates.
1541	This could explain the motility of the small Pil1 structures and the lack of permease enrichment.
1542	For microscopy, cells were grown in SD at 25°C until early log phase.
1543	The position of an endocytic or exocytic event was considered to be the centroid from the frame at which the fluorescence intensity of the marker was the brightest.
1544	The position of an endocytic or exocytic event was then compared with the centroid positions of the Pil1-mCherry patches in the corresponding frame to determine the distance to the closest MCC patch.
1545	A small shift in the alignment of the channels due to chromatic aberration was corrected based on images of immobilized microbeads that fluoresce at both green and red wavelengths.
1546	Thus, hepatocyte growth dependent on tumour cell invasiveness.
1547	Moreover, specific inhibitors of PKCα/β1 and PI3 mediated cell scattering activity has been established.
1548	Assays were performed according to Albini et al.
1549	These results were added.
1550	Consistent with this hypothesis, western However, for cell invasion assays, we used a single inhibitor blots with anti-MMP-9 antibody detected a discrete 92 kDa band.
1551	One such manner is lyophilization, the process in which the bone is degreased, decellularized, and ultimately sterilized.
1552	Only the posterolateral approach was used, followed by removal of the previous acetabulum and inspection of the cavity.
1553	These antibiotics were maintained for approximately 15 days, until the culture results described the microbial profile.
1554	Total hip arthroplasty was considered the surgery of the century.
1555	Our success rate was similar to results reported in the literature with the technique of impacted graft.
1556	Gehrke et al.
1557	In six reconstructions, other orthopedic devices were also used, such as reconstruction plates, Kerboull acetabular reinforcement rings, or acetabular reconstruction plates.
1558	The rest of the paper is organized as follows: In Section 2, we introduce the datasparse symmetric boundary element domain decomposition method.
1559	Optimal data-sparse boundary element preconditioners required by the solvers presented in Section 4 are given in Section 5.
1560	Here and in the following c denotes a generic constant that is always independent on the discretization parameters.
1561	The factor L 3 motivates the following construction of a preconditionerL 3 : We start by replacing S 1 , S 2 and S 3 by preconditionersŜ 1 ,Ŝ 2 andŜ 3 .
1562	Remark 4.1 1.
1563	As seen in the previous section we need to have appropriate efficient preconditioners for the local discrete single layer potentials V i,h , for the local discrete Schur complements S i,h as well as for the assembled BETI Schur complement F , respectively.
1564	Note that in the case of piecewise constant basis functions the L 2 projections Q i,j w i can be computed directly by inverting diagonal matrices.
1565	For this again we will use ideas from fast boundary element methods, in particular we will introduce an appropriate clustering hierarchy of all boundary elements as it is used in the fast multipole method itself.
1566	For the whole domain almost 36 millions tetrahedra would be used.
1567	In parentheses the average numbers of iterations are given for the inversion of the local single layer potentials.
1568	Correspondingly, the number of appli-cations of the Galerkin matrices of the local single layer potentials is again decreased.
1569	The used preconditioners have been scaled optimally according to the estimates of the eigenvalues of the transformed systems given by Theorem 4.2.
1570	The BETI methods perform much better when considering jumping coefficients instead of constant coefficients as in the previous example.
1571	Furthermore, we present data-sparse preconditioners which yield almost optimal iterative solvers for the inexact data-sparse BETI equations.
1572	So, they are completely algebraic.
1573	Construction of XRS20F derivatives.
1574	The L8UV5 lac promoter is CAP independent.
1575	The culture media for 3-galactosidase assays are specified in the figure legends and table footnotes.
1576	The low-copy-number plasmid R100, in which tetR is expressed from the autoregulated tetR promoter, represses ,-galactosidase 15-fold in the tetA-lacZ strain and 6-fold in the tetR-lacZ strain.
1577	Diagnosis of dry eye disease is made difficult by its multifactorial etiology, by the need for a comprehensive definition, and by the use of tests that are limited and variable in their assessment of the tears and the ocular surface.
1578	None of the normal subjects had ever used tear supplements before.
1579	Signed consent was obtained from all the subjects and patients before recruitment into the study.
1580	Tear evaporation, turnover rate, osmolarity, and volume were normally distributed.
1581	As significant differences had been demonstrated for tear turnover, evaporation, and osmolarity between normal subjects and those with and dry eye, the use of these aspects of tear physiology were assessed for their effectiveness in diagnosis.
1582	Groups were determined by results of different clinical tests based on the severity matrix proposed by Behrens et al.
1583	Discriminant function analysis was also performed, to improve the efficacy of diagnosis and to identify the most suitable combination of tests.
1584	This is a high percentage and indicates effectiveness of the discriminant function.
1585	The derived discriminant function from discriminant analysis was applied to all subjects, and the subjects were reclassified as having normal or dry eyes in predicted group membership.
1586	The technique was found to be superior to Bayesian analysis in predicting severe coronary disease.
1587	In fact, agerelated increases in blood pressure are mainly attributable to an increase in systolic blood pressure while maintaining or having a slight decrease in a diastolic blood pressure.
1588	Secondly, it provides a cushion to soften the pulsations generated by the heart such that capillary blood flow is almost continuous.
1589	Irrespective of which factor contributes the most, aging is associated with systolic hypertension, increased pulse pressure, and increased ventricular loading conditions.
1590	This has the advantage of determining the exact path of the pressure wave but is time consuming, impractical clinically, and very costly.
1591	Central vascular stiffness can be assessed noninvasively by measuring pulse wave velocity, assessing pressure waveforms, or measuring pulse pressure.
1592	In peripheral arteries, reflection sites are closer, and this results in a greater amplification of the pressure wave in peripheral arteries.
1593	In elderly individuals, including patients with hypertension or diabetes, central pulse pressure increases because of altered stiffness properties, and central pulse pressure can approach and indeed equal peripheral pulse pressure.
1594	This was recently replicated by Wang et al.
1595	A recent systematic review and meta-analysis by Vlachopoulos et al.
1596	Moreover, long-term cardiovascular outcomes were superior in the group treated with a combination of amlodipine plus an ACE inhibitor.
1597	This allows us to make assertions about the plume tracking performances of the algorithms.
1598	The algorithms use only binary odor information, that is, they either perceive the odor or do not perceive any odor, but ignore different concentrations levels.
1599	Finally, all three algorithms need a wind sensor to measure the wind direction.
1600	Once the plume is lost, the robot turns and moves crosswind until it hits an odor packet, and then moves upwind with angle β again.
1601	The wind direction is measured each time the robot switches to plume reacquisition, and when it encounters the plume again.
1602	It then tries to reacquire the plume by moving along an Archimedes spiral with gap size d gap .
1603	Nevertheless, the outlet created some turbulence right downwind the source, which sometimes disturbed the laminar wind flow in that area.
1604	Furthermore, a selection of runs of all three algorithms is plotted in Figure 9 .
1605	In any case, the sensor speed sets an upper bound on the speed of the robot.
1606	The former, however, is not well suited for differential-drive locomotion, and probably even less suited for more complicated locomotion systems.
1607	However, a good typability and accuracy of the method is desirable, so it is important to choose primers that allow a high discriminatory power of the isolates.
1608	All isolates were separated from each other by some other primers, that separated all isolates with similarities ranging from 0.00 to 0.800.
1609	It will turn out that in some of the calculations it is necessary to keep momenta non-zero initially and then take the limit of zero momentum.
1610	This is a serious limitation in all these approaches.
1611	The reverse is not quite true since there is a sum over the index J. We can however say that the two point function and the Zamolodchikov metric viewed as matrices, are equal when acting on the subspace of solutions of the proper time equation.
1612	In terms of S-matrix calculation we have added four terms with the momenta permuted amongst themselves.
1613	This is a little tedious in an actual calculation.
1614	We will only do a few representative examples.
1615	In this sense we are going beyond the usual sigma model perturbation theory, where, because a derivative expansion is being performed, we are forced to have k ≈ 0, and not just k 2 ≈ 0.
1616	The expression in curly brackets is the answer.
1617	Once again regularization is unnecessary -the pole terms cancel.
1618	The answer is given by the coefficients of 1,µ, ν and µν.
1619	We have introduced, as before, µ for the logarithm.
1620	Actually, if we use an infrared regulator in the propagator, 5 it is easy to see that the delta function acts only on nonconstant functions and is zero otherwise.
1621	We therefore get zero or infinity depending on the regularization.
1622	The homogenate was initially centrifuged for 10 min at 1000Âg.
1623	Mitochondria isolated using this procedure and kept on ice were stable for over 8 h after isolation.
1624	Activities of g-Cystathionase and GDH were determined as end-point and continuous kinetic assays, respectively.
1625	This design avoids recesses that would otherwise make the interior of the cuvette difficult to wash.
1626	Digital data are transferred to the PC.
1627	Thus, one can calculate that the total activities of g-cystathionase in the cytosol and mitochondria from an 7-g liver are¨249,000 and 25 nmol/min, respectively.
1628	The final state of the system may be described as swollen/uncoupled mitochondria with open pores.
1629	For all three MPT inducers, the rise in Xp Swell was considerably delayed when compared with the other measured parameters.
1630	However, as we discuss below, the above-described approach can be used as a starting point for the multiparameter kinetics analysis of MPT induction.
1631	This configuration does not result in any detectable Fcross-talk_ between ion-selective electrodes, as illustrated in Fig.
1632	Second, the world of nursing is littered with models and frameworks that have promised much but delivered little.
1633	It would be worth exploring the flexibility within FCC to determine whether the question of the child's voice and the prominence of the child is a focus issue rather than an 'either/or' dichotomy that requires the creation of yet another model of care.
1634	Experiments were conducted in a four-stroke, single-cylinder, naturally-aspirated, water-cooled, direct-injection diesel engine.
1635	The engine piston was a hemispherical bowl-in-piston design.
1636	The important engine combustion, performance and emission parameters were recorded.
1637	Beyond this limit, the low viscosity and density of the blended fuel can reduce lubricity and create potential wear problems in sensitive fuel injection pumps and fuel injector designs.
1638	The distillation tests were carried out to determine the boiling range characteristics of a hydrocarbon fuel.
1639	However, a significant difference was observed in the tail-end volatility of the kerosenediesel blends compared with diesel fuel, but which remains almost same among all kerosene-diesel blends.
1640	The net heat release rate is the difference between the heat released by combustion of fuel and the heat absorbed by the cylinder wall.
1641	As the kerosene blend percentage increases the ignition delay also increases.
1642	The results showed that NO x and CO emissions were reduced with the use of the kerosene-diesel blends with compared with neat diesel fuel, while the unburned hydrocarbon emissions increased with the increase in blend ratio.
1643	As we all realize, in order to advance in understanding of the pathophysiology and therapy of endocrine disease, the physicianscientist must narrow his field of interest; as it were, learning more and more about less and less.
1644	Each issue of the journal will contain timely and topical articles of various types.
1645	Review articles, of which there are several types, are authoritative overviews of developments in the specialty.
1646	We first test whether the treated villages were systematically different from the control villages before the CGVO program was launched along a variety of socio-economic variables in a cross-sectional setting.
1647	An alternative way to test these relationships is to fully exploit the longitudinal structure of the data and estimate the association between CGVO assignment and village-level socioeconomic variables using a logit model with duration dependence.
1648	We held a village committee meeting and finalized the list of beneficiaries.
1649	Standard errors are clustered at the village level and reported in parentheses.
1650	The significance levels indicated by asterisks are based on wild bootstrapped p-values, which are similar to the simple significance levels using standard errors clustered at the provincial level.
1651	Our preferred specification clusters standard errors at the provincial level.
1652	According Regulation Minister of Indonesian Agriculture No.64/Agric.regulation/OT.140/ 5/2013 article 1, paragraph 1, the system of organic agriculture is a holistic management system to improve and develop the agroecosystem health, including biodiversity, biological cycles, and soil biological activity.
1653	Based on the agro-ecosystem and obstacles encountered above, sub-optimal land divided into two agro-ecosystem that is sub-optimal land on dry land and sub-optimal land on wetlands.
1654	ICS is a guide for participants organic farming which should be adhered to as a reference in the application of organic farming.
1655	ICS coordinator is an individual contact that will be seen by an external certification body.
1656	Somes SOP must be owned as land management, SOP for seeds and plant maintenance, SOP harvesting and transporting crops, SOP processing, packaging and transport and marketing.
1657	Muller et al.
1658	Adams et al.
1659	Zhang et al.
1660	The basic SPH/WCSPH method is summarized in Algorithm 1.
1661	In the following, we will discuss the sleepy strategy used in our framework as well as the solution to tensile instability problem in the SPH based methods.
1662	Similar to its concept in rigid body simulation, a sleepy particle does not move, nor does its current state imply that it means to move in the instant future.
1663	Then, those neighboring particles of the nonsleepy ones with a magnitude of kinetic energy larger than a user defined threshold are flood filled to be nonsleepy.
1664	Moreover, our technique can be also easily integrated with existing SPH method usually used in game physics engines.
1665	Figure 1 shows weakly compressible water with 500 k fluid particles flow around static letters sampled with 9 k boundary particles; the corner breaking dam collides with static letters and then comes to rest.
1666	Additionally, we have introduced a new artificial repulsive force to avoid particle clumping as a result of neighbor deficiencies near the fluid surface.
1667	As future work, we plan to speed up our algorithm by using multicore CPUs and many-core GPUs and by integrating adaptive time step techniques.
1668	In this paper, we prepared dimethoate molecularly imprinted polymers via a simple precipitation polymerization process for specific recognition of dimethoate in cucumber samples.
1669	The injection volume was 20 mL, and the column effluent was monitored at 220 nm.
1670	To assess the selectivity of MIPs and NIPs for dimethoate, two other pesticides were selected as analogs.
1671	The LOD and LOQ were 2.3 μg/mL and 7.7 μg/mL, which were calculated from three times and ten times of signal-to-noise ratio, respectively.
1672	The chromatograms of samples spiked with dimethoate at a concentration of 0.5 μg/ mL, elution of adsorbed MIPs, and the cucumber sample without spiking are displayed in Fig.
1673	Conformational degrees of freedom inside the ring cannot be considered throughout the docking process by our automatic docking program ADAM.
1674	Prior to the docking study, possible conformers of the 20-membered ring of bryostatin 1 were searched by the high-temperature molecular dynamics calculation method.
1675	Deletion of the terminal two carbon atoms of the long substituent group at C20 in 1b seemed not to affect the docking result.
1676	Since EGF stimulated PKC-dependent phosphorylation of neurofibromin, we sought to investigate whether this previously uncharacterized molecular post-translational modification of this Ras-GAP had a functional role in EGFR-dependent Ras activation, as well as to verify the role of PKC-a in neurofibromin phosphorylation.
1677	These posttranslational modifications occur with activation of PKC by EGF.
1678	Cells were transfected using the Qiagen Transfection Reagent Selector Kit, as per manufacturer's instructions.
1679	All experiments were performed 4-15 times with similar results and numerical data were analyzed by ANOVA.
1680	Corresponding laboratory tests have been performed and to-date support the necessity of quantum physics.
1681	To demonstrate an experimental violation of these inequalities, we consider an ensemble of phosphorus donors in silicon, consisting of electron-nuclear spin pairs.
1682	Here the nuclear spin is the primary system, while the electron is the measurement ancilla.
1683	The correlator sequences applied to this system are shown in Figure 3a individual correlator sequence is accomplished through population tomography 20 .
1684	Secondly, as discussed earlier, that our null measurements do not influence the correlations through some hidden structure of the macrorealist's state.
1685	Our approach relies upon the 'ideal negative result' measurements originally envisaged by LG; we show that such measurements are possible through an ancilla.
1686	Recognising that ancilla preparation will always be imperfect, we account for the implications through a quantity termed 'venality'.
1687	We show that for sufficiently low venality even an 'adversarial' macrorealist must concede that his view is inconsistent with experimental results.
1688	While our experimental results relate to a microscopic system, we emphasise that our protocol is entirely general in terms of the scale of the system and whether it is individually controlled.
1689	LG tests employ the concept of non-invasive measurement in a fundamental way; the approaches one may take when seeking an implementation include weak measurement or ideal negative result measurement.
1690	Both the conditional nuclear operation, and also the noninvasiveness of the measurement operation performed by the ancilla electron spin, require that the magnetic resonance pulses are selective to a high degree.
1691	Furthermore we believe that this assumption is equally required by experiments utilising a spatial ensemble and those using a time ensemble.
1692	The inactive state does not participate in the experiment and may be ignored.
1693	In addition, these behaviors are under the speaker's control and should be robust to what the other speaker is doing.
1694	Currently, diagnosing ASD is subjective.
1695	Objective measures based on dialogue interaction could improve the reliability of the diagnostic process.
1696	Data is available on 4412 pauses for the TD children and 5676 for the children with ASD.
1697	We also examine the pauses following questions by the clinician versus non-questions.
1698	We identified questions as utterances transcribed with a question mark, which might include rhetorical questions.
1699	The ADOS includes having the child engage in different activities.
1700	We next examine the rate of fillers, at the beginning of turns, beginning of utterances, and in the middle of utterances.
1701	They view both as linguistic devices that are planned for, just as any other word is.
1702	It simply signifies that there is some continuation between the new speech and the previous context.
1703	Fibres from M1 also travelled in the ICp, positioned immediately posterior to the M4 projection.
1704	From a clinical and rehabilitative perspective, determining corticofugal integrity requires a detailed understanding of the origin of each projection at the cortical level.
1705	The system was grounded and the electrode was lowered to a depth of 100 mm and advanced at 500 mm intervals.
1706	The arm area of M3 was localized in the lower bank of the cingulate Columns A and B illustrate coronal levels through the anterior limb of the internal capsule, with B coinciding with its approximate posterior boundary.
1707	The FD injectate was composed of an equal mixture of 3000 and 10 000 molecular weight volumes, as was the FR injectate.
1708	Section spacing, sulcal patterns and subcortical structures were used for precise alignment.
1709	In all cases presented, the injection sites were evaluated for somatotopic af®liation on the basis of multiple criteria.
1710	The results of cases SDM 15 and SDM 23 were similar, with the exception of the course of the projection from the lateral premotor region.
1711	The speci®c differences are reported below.
1712	Throughout this entire segment, LPMCd ®bres were positioned immediately anterior to ®bres emanating from the arm representation of M1.
1713	Secondly, at superior capsular levels, the LPMCv projection involved the ICg.
1714	Thus, corticofugal redundancy in a pure structural sense, as well as location along the neuraxis, are important factors when comparing the present ®ndings with conclusions drawn in previous reports.
1715	Our ®ndings also provide a detailed, comparative and sequential understanding of frontal and cingulate corticofugal ®bre organization in the nonhuman primate brain that may assist in evaluating corticofugal ®bre integrity in patients with localized supratentorial damage.
1716	Fibre bundles travelling in the IC which originate from the face region of the lateral premotor cortex may lie anterior to ®bres from the arm area of the lateral premotor cortex, i.e.
1717	We found M3 ®bres, as well as M2 ®bres, to course obliquely as they passed through superior and middle capsular levels, this feature being in contrast to the relative vertical trajectory of ®bres initially located in the posterior limb such as M1 and M4.
1718	On the other hand, M3 and M2 ®bres, being located most anteriorly, may be positioned to play an active role in the process of motor recovery following damage af¯icting intermediate and posterior zones of the posterior limb.
1719	After published, this book can steal the market and book lovers to always run out of this book.
1720	It will be so easy to see how you want to find the book to read.
1721	To get more reference, we will show you the link to get and download the book.
1722	TRAIL-induced membrane raft clustering has been observed in other cell types and is thus a general mechanism.
1723	The NPC cells stably expressing miR-96 and miR-183 were indicated by the expression of green fluorescent protein.
1724	Reduced expression of SOX2, OCT4, NICD3, and NICD4 was found in the C666-1 cells with overexpression of miR-96 or miR-183.
1725	Photos reveal the appearances and sizes of the tumors in each treatment group.
1726	These findings suggest that miR-96 or miR-183 modulates NPC CSC properties by suppressing the expression of pluripotent stem cell transcription factor and NOTCH signal activity.
1727	This study provides evidences supporting the stemnessinhibitor miRNA miR-183 to be tumor suppressor in EBV-associated NPC.
1728	However, the diagnosis of UCB variants may be challenging.
1729	Any amount of variant differentiation was reported.
1730	The Kaplan-Meier method was used to graphically display survivor functions.
1731	Our results indicate that overall sensitivity of biopsy or TURBT to detect variant differentiation on RC is relatively low.
1732	This raises several practical questions encountered in clinical work.
1733	Besides, for those who are diagnosed with variant differentiation at biopsy/TURBT and without variant subtype diagnosis on RC, should we adopt the same follow-up strategies used on the UCB patients without a diagnosis of variant differentiation during the disease course?
1734	The virulence of the different Ebola viruses varies between strains.
1735	A total of 2477 papers on Ebola, published between 1977 and 2014, were retrieved from Web of Science.
1736	Papers about Ebola indexed in the Web of Science were distributed over 67 research fields.
1737	A total of 1911 papers on Ebola were cited 61,477 times in the Web of Science between 1977 and 2014.
1738	All top 10 journals were from developed countries.
1739	The highly-cited articles and reviews are "classical" papers that students and primary researchers should read carefully, particularly if they plan to devote themselves to this field.
1740	Moreover, we realized the need for a mobile version of SubtiWiki that allows the user to easily access the most important information and to link it to private notes.
1741	Below the genomic context scheme the user will find all the detailed information for the respective gene or protein.
1742	These pages are composed of three parts: The upper part shows gene expression levels under 104 different conditions, the middle part absolute protein quantities under 16 conditions, and the lower part the transcriptional organization of the respective genomic region.
1743	It should be noted that protein expression data are only available for cytoplasmic proteins.
1744	Expression levels of the second gene/ protein are then projected in red onto the original expression data.
1745	Importantly, a second major goal in the development of the SubtiWiki app was the possibility to link the genes and proteins to private notes and pictures.
1746	Researchers often go to conferences or other kinds of meetings where they are exposed to the most recent results and confidential unpublished information.
1747	In this FINCELL-INSIGHT sub-study we applied comprehensive cardiac imaging for evaluation of the long-term effects and the potential mechanisms of BMC therapy on the healing process of ischemic myocardial damage.
1748	All patients gave their written, informed consent prior to their inclusion in the study.
1749	A total of 40-80 mL of bone marrow was aspirated from the posterior iliac crest under local anesthesia in the morning of the PCI day.
1750	The segments were classified by consensus of four readers.
1751	The basal halves of the posterior septal segments were not included into the defect area.
1752	Additionally, at least six slices were acquired both in four-chamber and two-chamber orientations.
1753	All categorical variables are depicted using relative frequency distributions.
1754	Detailed data on the functional effects of BMC therapy on left and right heart are presented in Tables 3 and 4.
1755	Some recovery in jeopardized myocardium was also detected without BMCs, indicating the importance of the placebo-treated control group.
1756	Our study showed that BMC therapy had no remote effects on right heart function in this patient population.
1757	Therefore, larger studies are needed before trying to generalize the results from this pilot study.
1758	Your letter and the arrangements you describe have created already the atmosphere of relaxation in which such meetings should be held.
1759	However, their requirement of meshing the entire substrate and later solving a large system of linear equations makes them relatively inefficient.
1760	One significant advantage of the analytical forms of the Green function is that they are very inexpensive to evaluate and hence can be easily incorporated into optimization procedures where the Green function needs to be evaluated many times.
1761	Our algorithm takes a piece-wise constant power density map as the input and generates a piece-wise constant temperature map as the output.
1762	Since the vertical dimensions of the devices are much smaller than that of the silicon chip, this assumption is reasonable for most practical purposes.
1763	Now we assume that both the source plane and the field plane are divided into M ×N rectangular grid cells of equal size as shown in Fig.
1764	Output: Temperature distribution map -matrix T .
1765	Note that up to now, we have focused on the effect of one source layer on the temperature distribution of the field layer.
1766	The simulation of a chip containing 1.05M grid cells only takes about 6.4sec after the pre-calculations have been performed.
1767	The difference here is that, in this case, we remove all known DTIs for the drug, while in the previous experiment we were removing individual DTIs.
1768	Table 2 shows the results for this new experiment between NRWRH, HGBI and DASPfind.
1769	However, that does not imply that any of these are false.
1770	Overall, the results suggest that our method does provide reliable predictions useful for further downstream analyses.
1771	DASPfind relies on finding all simple paths of a specific length between any drug-protein pair, efficiently utilizing the drug similarity and protein similarity information and topology of the graph than the other current methods.
1772	These make DASPfind important and relevant for practical use.
1773	Note that these datasets were compiled in 2008 and have not been updated since that time.
1774	Table 4 shows a summary of these datasets.
1775	Figure 1 shows an example of such a graph representing the nuclear receptor dataset, which is the smallest of our benchmark datasets.
1776	This constraint also significantly decreases the time required to find these paths.
1777	The product was purified with acetone via two rounds of centrifugation at 10,000× g for 10 minutes each and stored in toluene.
1778	The solution was then centrifuged to separate the hydrophilic nanoparticles and washed thrice in hexane.
1779	As shown in Figure 1F , the conventional spectrum of the PbS QDs was similar to that reported in a previous study.
1780	For comparison, cell proliferation following exposure of mouse TCMK-1 and AML12 cells to PbS-MPA was also measured.
1781	The PbS-MPA QDs prepared in this study induced severe cytotoxic responses in HEK293 cells compared to those reported in several previous studies using PbS nanoparticles, although the results could not be compared directly due to the divergent physicochemical properties of the tested particles and differences in test methods.
1782	Peaks in the range of hundreds of nanometers were attributed to microvesicles.
1783	Based on the pathway analysis, we focused on the carcinogenetic function of the miRNAs decreased owing to PbS-MPA exposure.
1784	Therefore, LRRC23 and KRT5 were proposed as exosomal protein biomarkers for PbS-MPA QD exposure.
1785	As shown in Figure 5C , the average scores increased with the PbS-MPA concentration in treated HEK293 cells.
1786	The expression levels of exosomal biomarkers specific to PbS-MPA exposure were analyzed in the parent cell extracts and compared with those of the exosomal extracts to calculate the level of signal intensification that occurred in the exosomes.
1787	KRT5 levels increase in cancerous cells and, thus, it is accepted as a positive biomarker of cancer progression.
1788	Exosomes are noninvasive biomarkers providing a new paradigm of molecular marker studies, which make possible to monitor the signaling molecules in circulating system by time-series analysis for the same animal or human body.
1789	These three osmolalities were denoted as initial osmolalities.
1790	This movement was computed from the amount of base or acid necessary to bring the buffer p H to its value before contact with the cells.
1791	The medium contained 50 mM phosphate buffer, and the osmolality was altered by changing NaC1 concentration alone.
1792	It is difficult to understand how water might possess these apparently divergent qualities, but is is necessary to examine the evidence for water binding to hemoglobin in order to see whether this possibility may be excluded on the- oretical or experimental grounds.
1793	For ovalbumin this would correspond to a water content of 0.032 ± 0.016 g/g protein.
1794	This question can be answered experimentally by measuring the osmotic pressure of hemoglobin solutions in the presence and absence of electrolytes.
1795	One compartment was filled with the hemoglobin solution, and the other with water.
1796	These data are in reasonable agreement with the data obtained by Pauling et al.
1797	The results of experiments to investigate this question are given in Table II .
1798	The volume fraction of apparent nonosmotic water is given in the fifth column and may be seen to increase as the osmolality increases.
1799	Part of this increase may be attributed to the shifts in cell volume.
1800	No direct experimental evidence exists which supports this assignment, and the experimental results in Table II raise serious doubts about its validity.
1801	In the experiments of Savitz et al.
1802	The electroneutrality condition has been used to eliminate the cell anion concentrations so these do not enter explicitly into equation 11.
1803	To fill this gap we have introduced "other noncharged solutes" into the standard cell to provide the osmotic equilibrium which is characteristic of human red ceils suspended in a 290 milliosmolal medium.
1804	The effect of medium pH on osmotically induced changes in hemoglobin net charge reveals several particularly interesting aspects of the process.
1805	This is clearly related to the discontinuity in Fig.
1806	In the pH range of 7.20 to 7.70, there appear to be instances in which the calculated net hemoglobin charge crosses zero and changes in sign.
1807	Since water is free to move in this system, it distributes itself according to osmotic gradients and comes to equal chemical potential on both sides of the membrane.
1808	Cook also found a relative pH change of about the same size as ours.
1809	In strongly buffered systems, which we used to maintain the medium pH approximately constant, pH measurements are very difficult, and experiments of a different type would be required to eliminate all possible sources of error in our measurements.
1810	Thus osmotic responses are very similar in a wide variety of tissues, and it is probable that the present explanation of the physical basis for the process in one tissue may be generally applied to others.
1811	All laminins terminate in a group of LG domains distal to the coiled-coil.
1812	A 3Ј-end PCR fragment was generated with hb1-re4 and hb1-10 and digested with MluI and KpnI.
1813	The new domain nomenclature described by Aumailley et al.
1814	The laminin was incubated at a concentration of 0.1 mg/ml, a concentration at which it normally does not polymerize.
1815	They were reduced if the collagen was .
1816	The data also reflect several contributions to type IV collagen recruitment onto the SC surface, i.e.
1817	However, collagen recruitment does not entirely depend upon nidogen because low levels were detected when a nidogen-binding mutant of laminin replaced WT laminin.
1818	A possible mechanism to explain this is that a low surface density of anchored laminin, unable to polymerize on its own, can bind to type IV collagen through nidogen, allowing formation of a limited amount of collagen-rich but laminin-poor ECM.
1819	The study also reveals that laminin binding to nidogen can promote efficient incorporation of type IV collagen into a laminin ECM with a lesser contribution arising from a laminin-collagen interaction.
1820	The observation here that the combination of two ␣1-LN domains and one ␤1-LN domain did not result in polymerization does not support an inference arising from the study of Odenthal et al.
1821	It may be that not all binary binding interactions detected with the isolated fragments are essential for polymerization and that there may exist a further restriction of specificity arising from the geometry of polymerization in which only those binding sites with a correct azimuthal orientation interact to form a polymer or, alternatively, further specificity might arise from other short arm domain contributions.
1822	When laminins are incubated with SCs, very little accumulation of laminin on the surface is detected in the absence of polymerization.
1823	In particular, it is conceivable that type IV collagen can separately drive assembly of an extracellular scaffold through its own polymerization if allowed to bind to a nonpolymerizing laminin that indirectly provides anchorage to the cell surface.
1824	This enables formation of a collagen copolymer, an important contributor to basement membrane stability.
1825	The next step to be taken is to find regulatory acceptance in these countries, the prerequisite for most of the tasks ahead such as to allow grain production enabling feeding trials and to begin with diversified variety development.
1826	This indicates that positional effects play a predominant role.
1827	Naturally occurring vitamin A derives entirely from carotenoids with provitamin A activity.
1828	Taken together, these are unexpected but beneficial regulative side effects.
1829	To achieve a broader overview on the interactions involved here, expression profiling analyses are currently underway.
1830	Blotting, hybridization, washing, and detection were performed following the procedures as given in Wü nn et al.
1831	These measurements were determined using an ROS/H2O2, JC1 and Total NOx Assay Kit, respectively.
1832	The blood collected from the portal vein was immediately centrifuged to obtain a plasma supernatant and stored at 80 ℃ until it was assayed for organ function tests.
1833	No significant differences were observed between the RIPerC and IPostC groups expect for Cr.
1834	We showed that RIPerC is similar to or better than IPostC, which prevented liver graft dysfunction and apoptosis induced by hepatic I/R injury by inhibiting oxidative/nitra tive stress, as assessed by ROS and 3nitrotyrosine, through the eNOS/NO pathway.
1835	We also found ad ditional beneficial effects of RIPerC, such as reduced levels of Cr and CKMB, compared with the OLT group, which indicates protection of other organs.
1836	While most of the previous studies have only investigated the effects of RIPreC and RIPostC on organ protection, the present study focused on the novel model of RIPerC protection against hepatocyte I/R injury of LT.
1837	Based on these studies, we attempted to demonstrate the hypothesis that RIPerC could mitigate the acute injury to other organs induced by liver I/R injury.
1838	Therefore, we measured CKMB and Cr for acute heart and kidney injury, respectively, and verified our hypothesis.
1839	Nevertheless, this work provides clear clues for future studies.
1840	Previous studies have demonstrated that the protection of RIC mainly revolves around the heart.
1841	The interfaces between domains are separatrices, which intersect along separators.
1842	This means that the MCC may be used to provide a lower bound on the energy stored by ideal quasi-static evolution under line-tied evolution.
1843	In this manner it is possible for local topological changes of a few field lines to release energy which is stored globally throughout the coronal volume.
1844	While the MCC is self-consistent given its assumptions, it is not consistent with arbitrary line-tied photospheric motions.
1845	Photospheric line tying is commonly used in MHD simulations, so the MCC will not exactly match their results.
1846	Their ultimate magnitude will be determined by the balance between the rate of photospheric driving and the rate of resisitve dissipation.
1847	Section 5 makes a comparison of the two, and explains the differences in terms of the different motions of the photospheric footpoints in the two models.
1848	This configuration conforms exactly to the discrete-source assumption of the MCC.
1849	Under these conditions we expect the corona to evolve through a sequence of magnetic equilibria characterized by the bipole-alignment angle θ.
1850	In cases where it does not match, the equilibrium field will be current-free except for a current ribbon forming the separator.
1851	Under this assumption the current follows a path approximating the separator of the potential field, and affects the field only in its immediate neighborhood.
1852	Furthermore, the width of the current ribbon, ∆, is set by the current I and the potential field in the immediate vicinity of the separator.
1853	In the second case the current sheet forms a closed surface enveloping P 1 and N1.
1854	This is just one example of how the approximate current-flux relation appears to be useful over a wider range of currents than its derivation can justify.
1855	These domains also change shape with time, which eventually compresses central domain causing at least temporally, intra-domain current in P 1-N1 even though this domain rotates rigidly, and therefore has no relative internal footpoints motions imposed.
1856	The dashed lines are meant to indicate the modified shape of the separatrices expected in the FCE; they are constructed by connecting the tips of the predicted current sheet to the bottoms of the potential-field separatrices.
1857	The separatrices in this slice are also very similar to those of the potential magnetic field, departing most notably where they pinch toward the current ribbon at the separator.
1858	In order to assess the significance of the evident differences between the simulation and the MCC, we must understand the degree to which the simulation adheres to the MCC assumptions.
1859	The simulation is bound to violate the FCE assumption of the MCC since it uses line-tied photospheric boundary conditions.
1860	These motions should be internal to each source and should, in each case, decrease the overall magnetic energy.
1861	Magnetic helicity provides a measure of how much, on average, the field-lines in an equilibrium twist about one another.
1862	Since the source-region locations are fixed during this helicity injection we refer to ∆H R as the total self-helicity of the regions.
1863	This provides an upper bound to the free energy, which is comfortably far above the theoretical lower bound of 6 × 10 −4 Φ 2 0 /d, estimated from the relative helicity.
1864	In the second model, the evolution was found by numerically solving the non-linear, timedependent equations of ideal MHD subject to line tying.
1865	In the future, three-dimensional investigations using this technique may provide a numerical comparison to the MCC.
1866	Adding the reflection of the separator field line yields closed curve of length 2L, which we will denotes S. The first approximation to the separator ribbon is line current I following a closed curve near the separator curve.
1867	We will use this case to define ρ x in general, thereby assuring that our current-flux relationship reverts to the analytic expression in cases of axisymmetry.
1868	The breaking can also be explosive and lead to the formation of a plunging jet.
1869	The impact on the coast is then very rapid.
1870	Buildings that had been constructed to satisfy modern safety standards offered a satisfactory resistance, in particular those with reinforced concrete beams properly integrated in the frame structure.
1871	Six FEMs were constructed to test the sensitivity of deformation predictions to each assumption.
1872	This vector is then determined by taking a linear combination of some biharmonic elementary solutions.
1873	We define the elementary dislocations U 1 , U 2 , and U 3 , corresponding to the strike-slip, dip-slip, and tensile components of an arbitrary dislocation.
1874	The terms I 1 , .
1875	Two boundary conditions are required.
1876	So far, no approximation has been made.
1877	Dispersive shallow water-wave models are presented next.
1878	Of course, the variation of bathymetry is essential for the propagation of tsunamis, but for the derivation the water depth will be assumed to be constant.
1879	Some notation is introduced.
1880	Incidently, at this level of approximation, there is equipartition between kinetic and potential energy.
1881	For the parameter values used so far, the maximum horizontal current is 3 cm/s.
1882	Although in some cases it may be important to consider the coupling between fluid and structures, we restrict ourselves to the description of the fluid flow.
1883	Two major simplifications have been obtained.
1884	For example, it has been shown that leading depression N-waves run-up higher than leading elevation N-waves, suggesting that perhaps the solitary wave model may not be adequate for predicting an upper limit for the run-up of near-shore generated tsunamis.
1885	There is a rule of thumb that says that the run-up does not usually exceed twice the fault slip.
1886	Each process has access to a local failure detector module that monitors other processes in the system.
1887	We use this very fact to extract the information provided by T from any algorithm that solves fault-tolerant mutual exclusion.
1888	In other words, T is indeed the weakest failure detector to solve the problem in a system with a majority of correct processes.
1889	We show also that the majority is actually necessary for any fault-tolerant mutual exclusion algorithm using T .
1890	Sections 5 and 6 show that T is necessary and sufficient to solve the problem, respectively.
1891	System.
1892	We associate to every process i ∈ Π a user u i that can require exclusive access to the critical section.
1893	Assume that the eventual strong accuracy property of 3P is violated.
1894	The two properties follow from the code presented in Figure 3 .
1895	According to the algorithm, after t 0 , process i never reaches line 10 of the algorithm.
1896	The second part of the lemma follows directly from the algorithm: every correct process i that receives exit i invokes rem i after a finite number of steps.
1897	In Figure 4 , we present an algorithm that solves FTGME using T .
1898	Thus, we can implement T in a more effective manner, and an algorithm that solves FTME using T exhibits a smaller probability to violate the requirements of the problem, than one using P, i.e., the use of T provides more resilience.
1899	To date, there are neither well-defined treatment guidelines nor a universally accepted staging system.
1900	The patient underwent endoscopic resection.
1901	Histological features include the characteristic nests of small, round, blue cells with rosette or pseudorosette formation and neurofibrillary matrix.
1902	None of the staging systems is adequate for ectopic ONB, as shown by our patient, who presented with 2 ectopic tumors arising directly from the ethmoid sinuses without a nasal cavity origin or further extension, both being staged as T1 with the Dulguerov classification.
1903	Clinical and radiological follow-up has been suggested to be warranted for the remainder of the patient's life.
1904	This produces a training feature space that generates an incomplete classi¯cation model, which may in turn compromise the results of the classi¯cation task since the model will not be able to recognize many of the features in the testing data.
1905	Given a seed dataset which consists of very few instances for each relation class, set expansion extracts new instances that are relevant to the seed from a large unannotated corpus such as the Web.
1906	Considering their nature, they can be categorized into two large groups: lexical semantic relations and contextual semantic relations.
1907	The extraction step is responsible for constructing Web queries given a relation instance and processing the search result, so that candidate relation instances are passed forward to the¯ltering step.
1908	This relation, if properly classi¯ed positively as a destination relation, becomes seed for the next iteration of the bootstrapped process, and may lead to relations such as move !
1909	Another challenge for the extraction of contextual relations is that contextual semantic relations rely on morphological, syntactic and semantic features, which is information that cannot be carried by the query.
1910	As a result, r test can be evaluated as belonging or not to the relation class R c if it is closer to the positive training instances.
1911	This is an indication that phrase structure-based¯ltering extracts more candidate instances, allowing more noise.
1912	Applying only two iterations of the process, the initial set increases more than ten times, from 209 to 2357 training instances after the second iteration.
1913	Since that time several surveys and books on related topics have been published.
1914	We need some elements of the general theory of algorithms.
1915	By definition s k ≤ n for each k.
1916	A procedure of optimal inductive inference can be constructed using this distribution.
1917	This shows that we can define prefix complexity starting from a narrower class of prefix functions, viz, from the functions whose domains are prefix-free.
1918	Any program for a machine of this class is also called a selfdelimiting program.
1919	Now we can apply Theorem 13.
1920	In the case of the Bernoulli family a transition from this notion to the notion of the deficiency of randomness with respect to a finite set will be given by Theorems 18 and 19.
1921	Usually in statistics a precise probability distribution generating data is unknown.
1922	We will use a concept of randomness with respect to a class of probability distributions.
1923	Such a sequence can be defined as follows.
1924	We will effectively enumerate all such sets as follows.
1925	The O − C data of the timings of the maximum light or of a specific point of the light curve show the periodicity and the strength of the phase modulation.
1926	This model is applied successfully for roAp stars.
1927	Here a bipolar magnetic field is assumed whose axis inclines to the axis of the rotation.
1928	The third theory assumes periodic changes in the structure of the convective envelope of the star.
1929	Even a more than 1.5 mag dimming in the observed instrumental brightnesses does not affect the differential magnitudes significantly.
1930	These observations, however, do not allow a detailed study of the complex modulation of these stars.
1931	The other 3 have large amplitude modulation.
1932	To detect this kind of modulation, extended and accurate enough CCD or photoelectric observations are needed.
1933	It seems that the frequency of the modulated stars increases as the accuracy and the extension of the observations is enhanced.
1934	In Section 3 we provide a new way of looking at variational posterior approximation by re-interpreting the underlying optimization as a linear regression problem.
1935	To make our approach more generally applicable and computationally efficient we provide a number of extensions in two separate sections.
1936	Up to first order it can be considered a relatively standard stochastic gradient descent algorithm.
1937	These seemingly similar alternatives perform dramatically worse than Algorithm 1.
1938	Although we find the R-squared to be a useful measure for the majority of applications, it is important to realize that it mostly contains information about the mass of the posterior distribution and its approximation, and not directly about their moments.
1939	To make our approach more general and computationally efficient we now provide a number of extensions in two separate sections.
1940	In terms of wall clock time, our basic algorithm ran about an order of magnitude slower than VBEM, although it could easily be sped up by using multiple random draws in parallel.
1941	The remainder of this section introduces the other implementations of our variational approximation, presented in Figure 2 , some of which are much faster and more computationally efficient than both our basic algorithm and VBEM.
1942	Figure 2 shows that this factorized regression implementation of our approximation indeed needs far fewer random draws to achieve convergence.
1943	In classical linear least squares regression, we have an N × D matrix of explanatory variables X, and an N × 1 vector of dependent variables Y .
1944	The prior for σ 2 is inverse-Gamma, which is also in the exponential family.
1945	Even with this sparsity, our optimization problem is still fairly high dimensional with about 2000 free parameters.
1946	The exact divergence is given by the solid blue line, while the approximation from Section 5 is given by the dashed red line.
1947	Automatic selection of the approximating family would be very appealing from a user perspective, but could be challenging in general.
1948	It is still an open question how these different methods could best be combined into a joint framework.
1949	As these authors discuss, such an algorithm is not guaranteed to converge, and they present some tricks that might be used to improve convergence in some difficult cases.
1950	Only this estimator is directly analogous to the linear regression estimator.
1951	The first term is always positive, suggesting thatη 1 is dominated by the analytic estimator.
1952	In contrastη a is unbiased.
1953	This situation must be addressed primarily in childhood and adolescence; school-based healthy lifestyles programs are likely to be most effective in reaching these age groups.
1954	Inappropriate diet may also increase the risk of a number of immediate health problems, including eating disorders and obesity, as well as the potential for chronic diseases.
1955	Despite widespread awareness of the importance of healthy eating in adolescence, healthy eating messages are rarely put into practice, and nutritional problems are prevalent among Spanish youth.
1956	Students, with teachers' help, kept track of their food and physical activity records using a Web-based portal.
1957	The "CAL-TAS Route" curriculum consisted of two workshops.
1958	The evaluation was based on a pre-postprogram exposure design.
1959	This was also an opportunity for the Alícia Foundation to present their initial PIP analysis for feedback from other workshop participants and the guest editors of this Supplement.
1960	The PIP analysis was used to understand the ways in which the CAL-TAS Program can achieve its objectives and identify the CCPs for improving the quality of the program.
1961	This proved to be a strong incentive for teachers, as secondary school teachers in Spain rarely have the opportunity to attend these kinds of activities.
1962	The results of these PIP analyses helped us corroborate the great opportunity that the school and teachers have to positively influence teenagers when a schoolbased intervention program that receives strong input from the teens themselves is well designed and implemented.
1963	Both PIP-informed evaluation recommendations are currently being implemented.
1964	Based on the CAL-TAS PIP analysis, we recommend that indicators of change in knowledge and behaviors related to diet and physical activity be used in any school-based healthy lifestyles program.
1965	By following these program evaluation best practices, it is likely that the impact of programs will be sustained or even improved in the future.
1966	The data was collected between May 2014 and July 2015.
1967	The organised data was then used to identify commonalities, differences and patterns across the data, with higher order themes subsequently identified.
1968	Table 1 summarises the themes, with examples drawn from the data.
1969	I don't think that's out of fear, I think that's just they are loving and good mums".
1970	Then I won't feel so stressed all the time.
1971	In these accounts of difficulties within the social contexts of the women's lives, the mothers did not position themselves as traumatised.
1972	As one participant said, like now, and just the little things, like the money that I have, I don't buy myself anything, when all I wanted to do was buy myself things.
1973	A number of the mothers talked about the difficulties inherent in this self-sacrifice, such as no longer seeing friends and experiencing social isolation.
1974	Some of the mothers also spoke about the broader challenges inherent in being a good mother, including exhaustion, temper tantrums, or the changing needs of the children.
1975	While these experiences were talked about as challenging, the mothers constructed these experiences as an expected part of motherhood, not particular to their identities as ' Aboriginal mothers' , thus normalising their experiences.
1976	From an attachment perspective, this narrative draws attention to the experience of trauma, its causation, and how it may manifest within the mother/child relationship.
1977	When asked what they needed to help them achieve this they cited "educational things" related to "my child's development", "help to understand my child's behaviour and how to deal with it", "story time", "music and singing songs".
1978	Teaching health things, like about brushing teeth every day, how to feed your kids, changing people's habits, showing them different ways to parent.
1979	For many of the women, being placed into multiple foster families or passed between different relatives may have further compounded their trauma and fragmented their vulnerable identities.
1980	The limitations are the small sample size and collection of data from a single organisation.
1981	Additionally, it may be beneficial for future studies to interview Aboriginal women who attend different types of interventions, as well as those who do not access these services, including Aboriginal women from different backgrounds and those who are from different geographical areas.
1982	The paradigm involves three phases; familiarization, study, and test.
1983	The resulting images were resampled to 3 mm 3 voxels and smoothed with an 8-mm FWHM isotropic Gaussian kernel.
1984	Statistical analyses were conducted according to a twostage, mixed effects model.
1985	Together, these results indicate that hippocampal activity is elevated for pre-exposed, familiar items and this activity does not differ according to the accuracy of list discrimination.
1986	Suzuki et al.
1987	Item repetition is a longstanding method for manipulating recognition memory strength directly.
1988	Visual attention is the ability to rapidly detect interesting parts of a given scene.
1989	In contrast with the method discussed above, the multicue saliency-based model of visual attention combines chromatic as well as monochromatic features to identify ROIs on color images.
1990	Each conspicuity map highlights the parts of the scene that, according to a specific feature, strongly differ from its surrounding.
1991	Given a saliency map computed by the saliency-based model of visual attention, the WTA mechanism starts with selecting the location with the maximum value on the map.
1992	The FOA is then shifted to this location.
1993	The binary image that is produced by the visual attention stage and used by the quantization unit, represents overhead information to be embedded in the compressed data bitstream.
1994	For each example, a color image is acquired; using this image as input, the visual attention algorithm computes a set of ROIs.
1995	PI 3-kinase activates Akt through the phosphorylation of two key regulatory residues, Thr308 and Ser473, on Akt.
1996	All data are presented as means Ϯ SE.
1997	We next examined the effect of PKC-␦ and HSP90 siRNA treatment on 35-week OLETF and LETO rat retinas.
1998	Distilled water treatment did not show any effect on PKC-␦ and HSP90 protein expression in the retinas.
1999	PKC-␦ inhibition or knockdown by rottlerin or siRNA treatment significantly abrogated not only PKC-␦ activation and ganglion cell death but also PP2A activation and its association with Akt.
2000	Ganglion cell death occurs early as an initial event in diabetic retinopathy, and the mechanism of this cell death is unknown.
2001	Compliance with required bladder preparation is very difficult for many patients and non-compliance has a negative impact on treatment delivery in our radiation therapy departments.
2002	Patients deemed ineligible for this study included post-prostatectomy patients requiring contrast who had not had their bloods tested prior to the day of simulation.
2003	Patients were CT scanned at their appointment time if they verbally confirmed their bladder felt full.
2004	The difference between the means was 128 mL.
2005	Previous studies 1, 2, 6 found strong correlations between the measured BS volume and CT contoured volume in prostate radiotherapy patients.
2006	The CBCT comments collected from treatment were categorised into two main groups, either a pass group or a fail group.
2007	The mean bladder volume difference between the BS and non-BS group was only 6 mL, which would be considered an insignificant variation.
2008	The additional bladder filling information at set time points reveals more about the patient hydration status and helps staff understand the individual patients filling habit.
2009	Having the staff and patient understand the initial state and bladder-filling behaviour better allows for all subsequent treatments that follow to be more consistent.
2010	These improvements were facilitated by revised protocols concerning bladder filling and improved communication with patients.
2011	The developer then deploys the set of HTML, CSS, and Javascript files on a web server.
2012	In this case the feedback includes the age of the feedback, e.g., "about 10 minutes ago...".
2013	Nevertheless, many medical datasets are composed of "normal" samples with only a small percentage of "abnormal" ones, which leads to the so-called class imbalance problems.
2014	As a result, the hyperplane of FSVM can be skewed towards the minority class, and this skewness can degrade the performance of FSVM with respect to the minority class.
2015	The results showed that the proposed method can improve the classification accuracy and handle the classification problems with outliers/noise and imbalanced datasets more effectively.
2016	The experimental results on five medical datasets are reported in Section 5, and some concluding remarks are given in Section 6.
2017	Therefore, FSVM can find a more robust hyperplane by maximizing the margin by letting some misclassification of less important points.
2018	In order to reduce the effect of class imbalance, we can assign higher membership values or lower parameter V 2 for the minority class examples, while we assign lower membership values or higher V 1 for the majority class.
2019	We give the following theorem for parameter selection later.
2020	Further details of these datasets are provided in Table 1 .
2021	In terms of accuracy, kernel method can improve the classification performance for all five medical datasets.
2022	It can be seen that the best accuracy is obtained for all the datasets and therefore is searched in a reasonable range.
2023	At the lowest energies they originate in our Galaxy and can influence terrestrial phenomena ranging from the weather to the evolution of life.
2024	Furthermore, the spectrum of scientific goals of the JEM-EUSO mission also includes as exploratory objectives the detection of high energy gamma rays and neutrinos, the study of cosmic magnetic fields, and testing relativity and quantum gravity effects at extreme energies.
2025	Charged particles must be contained long enough inside the source for acceleration to take place, i.e., their cyclotron radius or effective diffusion length scale must be smaller than the size of the acceleration region.
2026	A gamma-ray flux higher than expected from this secondary production would signify a new production mechanism, such as top-down decay/annihilation, or a breaking of Lorentz symmetry.
2027	JEM-EUSO can detect neutrinos either through their LPM dominated EAS evolving deep in the atmosphere or, in the case of bursts of upward going neutrinos interacting inside the outermost layers of the crust, through direct Cherenkov.
2028	The low-pass filtering operation is straightforward since the subband decomposition is available.
2029	The following figures show the difference between DCT and WLT mask images.
2030	The code had to be extended, because due to the shrinking and quantization, the inter blocks often contain only zero valued AC coefficients.
2031	This means one bit per coefficient or in our case 1 Mbit in total.
2032	The coder has the texture stored, quantized in frequency domain, so it only selects the coefficients and entropy codes them.
2033	The intra frame is 472 B i t s for WLT and 282 Wits for DCT, with a PSNR of 3 dB more for WLT.
2034	The Inter mean size is 5.7 B i t s for WLT and 6.7 Wits for DCT.
2035	The network topology is maintained the same during time.
2036	If this protocol does not adapt the updating period size to the mobility level, the same fixed period size will be always used.
2037	The spread of a new routing information throughout the entire network may be slowed down by data packets at the transmission queues.
2038	By reducing it, the transmission queues will be quickly saturated by data packets, and no place will be left for the signaling traffic to update the routing tables.
2039	In addition, all this discussed problem is independent of the used routing protocol or the data packet size.
2040	It only concerns the protocol stack architecture, and especially the IP/MAC interaction, which is not suitable for dynamic networks.
2041	In all scenarios, we used a network capacity fixed to 54 Mbps and a maximum retransmission count equal to 4.
2042	For both implementations, when nodes move slowly, a slight delay formed when Hellos are received, leads to an acceptable routing.
2043	Notice here that even when we used our implementation, a significant end to end delay is detected.
2044	As said before, the only data packet that could be sent before a control message, is the one already treated at the MAC layer.
2045	A graph is chordal if it does not contain a chordless cycle with a number of vertices greater than 3, and a graph is weakly chordal if neither it nor its complement contains a chordless cycle with a number of vertices greater than 4.
2046	It still remains to be proved that this is indeed a 2-clique-colouring.
2047	The outline of the algorithm follows.
2048	As an induction hyphotesis, suppose that every clique of G containing A j , for every 1 ≤ j ≤ i, is polychromatic.
2049	The outline of the proof follows.
2050	We claim that there exists a 2-clique-colouring in G if, and only if, formula φ is satisfiable.
2051	Assume that there exists a valuation v φ such that φ is not-all-equal satisfied.
2052	We give a colouring to graph G, as follows.
2053	Clearly, any satellite K is either in case K 1 , K 2 , K 3 , or K 4 .
2054	Alternative proof of Theorem 8.
2055	Each satellite For the converse, we now assume that G is 2-clique-colourable and we consider any 2-cliquecolouring π of G. We give a colouring to hypergraph H, as follows.
2056	The literal x i is assigned true in v φ if the corresponding vertex has colour 1 in the clique-colouring, otherwise it is assigned f alse.
2057	As a consequence, there exists at least one literal with true value in c j and at least one literal with f alse value in every clause c j .
2058	The alternative proof follows analogously to alternative proof of Theorem 6.
2059	Second, every clique of G has size at least 3.
2060	It is easy to check that it is a 2-clique-colouring of G, since every satellite of G is in case K 3 .
2061	Hence, one can check with Lemmas 9 and 10 that the obtained graph is weakly chordal and it is 2-cliquecolourable if, and only if, the constructed graph of Theorem 3 is 2-clique-colourable.
2062	The problem of 2-clique-colouring is Σ P 2 -complete for weakly chordal graphs with all cliques having size at least 3.
2063	As a direct consequence of Theorem 13, we have that 2-clique-colouring is Σ P 2 -complete for perfect graphs with all cliques having size at least 3.
2064	Each successive concentration was added once a sustained contracture to the previous concentration was attained.
2065	All values quoted are the mean ± s.e.mean from five animals, unless otherwise stated.
2066	Moreover, the isoprenaline relaxant potencies were not significantly different from potency estimates in tissues pre-contracted with histamine.
2067	This may be sufficient, in a poorly coupled system, to antagonize the effect of M2 receptor-mediated inhibition of isoprenaline-induced relaxations.
2068	As discussed above, in tissues treated in this way, the relaxant potency of isoprenaline was 1.5 fold greater than in tissues not exposed to methoctramine.
2069	Finally, antagonist occupation of a small porportion of M2 receptors would have a large effect on the functional response.
2070	Since muscarinic M2 receptor antagonism augments the relaxant potency of isoprenaline, these data provide some evidence for an inhibitory role of M2 receptors on relaxant responses to isoprenaline.
2071	When you are really interested to read based on the PDF of this book, you can see how the book will give you many things.
2072	When clicking you can find the book and concern with it.
2073	He had acquired an animal cage on the understanding that he would care for the guinea-pig occupants, which he insisted must be white, pink-eyed, and with no tails.
2074	With these he was provided, but someone in the Department always arranged that the guinea-pigs be males, so that Peter's chances of demonstrating his laws of economics were without fruition.
2075	It can be seen from the above study, lightning strikes will lead to a chemical degradation of PVC and balsa wood, and cause the mechanical strength of the two materials to decrease.
2076	It can be seen that dynamics analysis of molecular reaction can be used to simulate the chemical degradation process of polymer materials, which can help to reveal the damage characteristics of blade materials caused by lightning.
2077	The mechanical damage of the material under lightning arc exposure is mainly caused by material pyrolysis, gas product expansion, and the internal air expansion.
2078	It was found that the DP has little effect on the pyrolysis process of the two macromolecules.
2079	The molecular dynamic reaction of the optimized model at 4000 K was carried out in NVT ensemble.
2080	Then the main chain was broken and the DP decreased, as shown in Figure 3 .
2081	The active chlorine free radicals abstracted H atoms from the PVC chain, and formed HCl.
2082	The C chains constantly broke and were restructured during the pyrolysis process, thus there was no regular pattern change in the DP of PVC.
2083	The simulation results showed that the water was not stable and was further involved in the generation of other products during the pyrolysis reaction, resulting in the water content decreasing, but new H2O molecules were generated, thus the increase of water molecules showed a fluctuting trend.
2084	In fact, carbon burning will occur when lightning strikes the blades, and a larger amount of CO2 is produced.
2085	In fact, carbon burning will occur when lightning strikes the blades, and a larger amount of CO 2 is produced.
2086	Formic acid molecules easily lose the hydrogen and hydroxyl group to produce CO.
2087	The saturation of the PVC molecule was reduced after dechlorination and dehydrogenation, and double or triple bonds or ring structures were formed.
2088	In order to compare the amount of gas products of balsa wood and PVC, two models with the same volume of cellulose and PVC were set up in this paper.
2089	Then the specimen was fixed by insulating tape.
2090	Then the impact currents with different peak values were added to the nickel-chromium wire to test the damage current of the two materials and observe their damage characteristics.
2091	That was consistent with the simulation results: the pyrolysis results of cellulose consisted of main chain breakages, DP decrease and gas generation, which caused the fiber breakage and material defects.
2092	However, the upper layer of balsa wood was not broken until the peak current rose to 21 kA.
2093	The upper layer of PVC was fractured when the peak current rose to 6.28 kA, and the two layers were both broken when the peak current rose to 12.56 kA.
2094	The experiment results were consistent with the simulation results.
2095	It was found that the impact residual strength of PVC and balsa wood decreased with the increase of peak current, and the fall in PVC was faster.
2096	The width size along the surface and the depth size of the two materials are shown in Tables 2 and 3 , respectively.
2097	In addition, PVC was easier to fracture along the depth direction than balsa wood because arc heat in PVC spread non-directionally, but in balsa wood it spread along the surface direction.
2098	The cellulose has stronger rigidity compared with PVC.
2099	However the damage characteristics in PVC and cellulose were different.
2100	The first stage of PVC decomposition was rapid and the reaction temperature was lower than in cellulose, so that the gas was produced earlier in PVC than in cellulose at 2000 K. In cellulose, the dissociation energy of glycosidic bonds is low and they broke first.
2101	There are three reasons why money may matter for real economic performance.
2102	The optimal inflation rate is the one that produces satiation with costlessly produced non-interest--bearing money balances.
2103	Freely floating exchange rates do not, except in a very special and practically unimportant cases, insulate a country from external real and financial shocks, nor do they prevent the spillover of domestic disturbances into the rest of the world.
2104	The two main reasons are that market prices are not sufficient indices of marginal social value and that national policy makers are not sub-atomistic, competitive agents.
2105	This means that core inflation equals the rate of change of the price level in the classical equilibrium model except at those points where that rate of change becomes infinite because the classical equilibrium price level makes a discrete juirip.
2106	To achieve an instantaneous transition to a new low-inflation steady state, if theforeign country does not change any of its policy instruments, the home country's policy instruments should satisfy: A combined common reduction in money growth rates at home and abroad will cause a global slump unless both countries undertake simultaneously noney jump policies, indirect tax cuts or fiscal stimuli.
2107	It may be that the "short sharp shock" of a sudden exchange rate appreciation permits one to "over-write" the existing inflation equations.
2108	Assume the authorities announce policies that will cause a deep recession at some future date.
2109	Economic action takes place in risky and uncertain environments.
2110	Actors must succeed in integrating their plans despite often diverse interests and decisions that involve incalculable future developments.
2111	Decision-making on credit is fraught with uncertainty, and credit rating was invented in the 19th-century in the USA to help make credit uncertainty more tractable.
2112	To substantiate this claim, Carty devotes part of each of the first chapters to demonstrating the continued doctrinal validity of positions associated with these schools.
2113	At the same time, this conclusion seems to be an extension of the historical school's legal theory.
2114	But using one part of the discipline against another has a frustrating tendency to plunge the critic into self-contradiction.
2115	Having studied the historical school, Carty wants to establish the authority of his critical tools within the discipline and then use them against the discipline as a whole.
2116	I do not think Carty would claim that nationalism demanded a particular approach to jurisdiction and custom.
2117	Separated from his earlier dialectical analysis, this seems commonplace.
2118	As a result of this theoretical work, the toolkit for modeling technological and economic dynamics is significantly richer than it was a decade ago.
2119	The rate of major product innovations decreases and emphasis shifts to process innovation and incremental innovation.
2120	In the specific phase products built around the dominant design proliferate, and there is more and more emphasis on process innovation with product innovations being largely incremental.
2121	Utterback and Suarez provide evidence of these changes in industry structure for typewriter, automobile, television, picture tube, transistor, calculator, and integrated circuit industries.
2122	Availability of close substitutes makes it more difficult for the manufacturer to raise its prices without driving customers to waiting substitutes.
2123	Powerful suppliers can increase cost while powerful customers can bargain away profit margins.
2124	The strength of each of the five forces is a function of industry structure.
2125	Our thanks to an anonymous reviewer for this suggestion and several others.
2126	This allowed Singer to use electronic cash registers to invade the electromechanical cash register market.
2127	On the other hand, the bargaining power of suppliers is high since they supply specialized equipment and materials, and are a major source of innovations.
2128	In both cases, the bargaining power may be reduced by collusion on the part of rivals.
2129	For the leader, the focus is in building the capabilities that will enable it to win the dominant design.
2130	Examples of the types of competences and firm-specific assets that a firm must have to perform well at the transitional phase are shown in Table 6 .
2131	Strategies.
2132	Focus on skills for product differentiation Focus more attention on marketing than in the fluid phase In preparation for specific phase, advertise to establish brand recognition Table 6 : Competences and firm-specific assets needed to succeed in the transitional phase Specific Phase.
2133	Since products are largely commodity in the specific phase, emphasis is on those competences and firm-specific assets that allow a firm to produce at low cost and profit from it Low costs are attained largely through process and incremental product innovations.
2134	We proposed a dynamic strategy model based on a technological evolution perspective which suggests a link between the product-market position and the resourcebased views of competitive advantage.
2135	The bottom figure shows locations of focal regions of three great thrust-type earthquakes, which occurred along the Nankai-Suruga Trough during the above-mentioned 60 years.
2136	As mentioned before, in 1970, CCEP pointed out the likelihood of an M8 earthquake in the Tokai district.
2137	Because the law presupposes the ability to predict a great earthquake with accuracy, there are drastic measures appropriate to a situation in which it is believed that an earthquake is almost certain to strike at any moment.
2138	The Tokai region is a densely populated region with high social and economic activities.
2139	Located between Tokyo and Osaka, it is traversed by several vital transportation arteries: The Tokaido Shinkansen "bullet train" line, the Tokaido Expressway, and the Chuo Expressway.
2140	Weather forecasters have a great deal on which to base their predictions, including cloud movements recorded by the Himawari weather satellite and a wealth of day-to-day experience.
2141	Nonetheless, we all know that predicting the weather is no easy matter.
2142	Although this methodology does not predict the occurrence of any particular earthquake, it does show how probabilistic analyses can provide useful information about damaging earthquakes over a longer time period.
2143	The time has come for a thorough review of that policy, including the problem areas I have pointed out.
2144	Through these experiences, Germany, the top economic power in the EU, decided to phase out nuclear power, and several other European countries have reconsidered their nuclear power policy much more cautiously.
2145	We can see that the distribution is not even, and most of the nuclear power plants are concentrated in the U.S.A., the European region with France as its center, and Japan.
2146	These continents are quite stable.
2147	Hamaoka nuclear power plants were proposed, and were licensed during only a several month period of examination by the Atomic Energy Commission.
2148	The information from seismology is always progressing, and it would have been appropriate to stop and reconsider the sitting, based on new research results about the Tokai region.
2149	It contains not only the reactor itself, but also has various buildings with countless numbers of pipes and conduits.
2150	Moreover, assuming that the magnitude and general location of an earthquake could be predicted, there still is very limited knowledge regarding the shape of the fault plane and its rupture process.
2151	When they saw highways falling one after another at the time of the 1994 Northridge, California earthquake, Japanese earthquake engineers said publicly, "These things will never happen in Japan".
2152	NHK news programs and some newspapers covered the news of a recent pipe explosion accident at the Hamaoka nuclear power plant.
2153	Within the crater, nanometric particle redeposition is higher for lower number of pulses than for higher number of pulses.
2154	The microrims also gets thicker and shows evident expulsion and redistribution of melt towards the edge.
2155	Similar to lower fluences, particle redeposition occurs outside the crater boundary.
2156	The roughness, at the bottom of the crater, can be measured from CLSM data and is shown in Fig.
2157	In ps laser irradiation, jets with spherical endings cover the laser irradiated zone at low fluence values as shown in Fig.
2158	These shock waves, i.e.
2159	In spite of that, the crater morphology of ps-and ns-ablated craters differ substantially.
2160	The shorter lifetime of the plasma plume as well as liquid melt makes the difference.
2161	A total of 604 patients met the criteria.
2162	Of the 513 patients who received SLNB, 30 of them had positive SLNs.
2163	Also, patients underwent mastectomy or patients with multifocal lesions had the trends of being upstaged, which did not reach significant differences.
2164	A meta-analysis reported by Brennan M E et al, which included 7350 cases of DCIS diagnosed by CNB, showed that tumor size was one of the strongest independent predictors of underestimation.
2165	Field experiments were conducted in 2011−2014 in Tongzhou and Fangshan, Beijing.
2166	Each treatment has four replications.
2167	With the phased-out of MB, new fumigants must be found to replace MB.
2168	Fuzzy logic is a development of the set theory, where each member has a degree of membership that ranges in value between 0 and 1.
2169	The attribute weight of respondents' assessment toward the multi-criteria was determined according to the hedonic scale.
2170	Next, N i was calculated based on P ij and R n-j .
2171	A hedonic scale was used to evaluate the results of determination of respondents' assessment of criteria weight towards multi-criteria which were considered in the sensory assessment.
2172	Then, we arranged the matrix of multiplication between criteria weights and normalisation value of each alternative.
2173	Table 12 demonstrates FPIS and FNIS values.
2174	The resonator design studied in this work is shown in Fig.
2175	All operations were performed with the patient in the beach-chair position under general anesthesia combined with an interscalene nerve block.
2176	A guide pin was placed into the center of the glenoid and subsequently reamed.
2177	In cases where the subscapularis tendon was repaired, external rotation was limited to 30 for the first 3 weeks.
2178	Glenosphere size was selected intraoperatively based on patients' body and glenoid size.
2179	The first patient experienced an acromial stress fracture and underwent open reduction and internal fixation surgery, and the second patient experienced postoperative shoulder pain necessitating arthroscopic debridement, distal clavicle excision, and suprascapular nerve release.
2180	Although the heterogeneity of outcome metrics limits comparisons, the QuickDASH and ASES scores in the current study improved with increasing age.
2181	The patients in this study were not randomized.
2182	We also evaluated the performance of cancer risk models such as only clinical risk factors, density related measures, and both clinical risk factors and density related measures.
2183	Data regarding clinical risk factors were obtained from the medical records.
2184	Logistic regression was performed to examine the effects of BI-RADS density on invasive breast cancer risk.
2185	All three models have good significance in differentiating cases and controls and suggesting the risk of cancer more in patients compared to controls.
2186	Definition 3.1.
2187	Proof of Corollary 0.2.
2188	Minor branches subdivided dichotomously, up to fourth order, with the first branch internode 20-30 mm long.
2189	Distance between adjacent branches 8-12 mm, and orthostiche intervals about 30 mm in the two large branches and 50 mm at the bottom.
2190	No polyps on main axis internodes.
2191	Remarks.
2192	Table 1 Holotype.
2193	Scales in the upper part of polyps of various shapes, converged to form an inconspicuous and blunt point at the base of a naked tract below each tentacle.
2194	Major branches of each fan subdivided dichotomously or sympodially.
2195	Chrysogorgia binata sp.
2196	Moreover, the pressure cell has two stress capsules and cushion in a smart structure.
2197	In the early stage, values of measuring point SPC-0 to SPC-6 had increased greatly.
2198	For the whole steel arch, the maximum compressive stress appeared in the left haunch with the value of 326.6 MPa.
2199	In a company, the board of commissioners representsthe main internal mechanism to carry out the supervisory functions of the principal andcontrol opportunistic behavior of management.
2200	Audit delay can be a problem if the audit delay range that occurs in a company is too long which canultimately lead to delays in the delivery of financialstatements.
2201	Furthermore, the application of the logistic regression to test relationship between factors and GC opinion is consistent with prior studies on this topic conducted in Indonesia.
2202	Some of the variables in this study were measured using more than one indicator based on previous research and other relevant refrentions.
2203	Future studies should explore the impact of other characteristic of auditors such renumeration and auditor switching of GC opinion as well.
2204	Both of these scores were lower in the SRL-ST group, although neither difference attained statistical significance.
2205	The median time to discontinue CsA was 42 days in the SRL-ST group, and the last patient discontinued CsA at 116 days after randomization.
2206	The mean tubular atrophy score also decreased significantly between 12 and 36 months in the SRL-ST group.
2207	In that study, the occurrence of CAN was associated with older donor age, presumed CsA-or tacrolimus-induced nephrotoxicty, development of CMV infection, and acute rejection during the first year.
2208	The results were not analyzed for treatment effects; however, they did conclude that the CADI score at 1 year was predictive of subsequent graft loss and was therefore a good surrogate marker for long-term graft survival in multicenter studies.
2209	Their report is of particular interest in the context of the present study because the same two pathologists who read the biopsies for the MMF studies also evaluated them for the RMR trial, using the exact same methodology.
2210	In the MMF studies, 43 patients underwent serial biopsies at the same time intervals as those in the RMR trial: engraftment at 12 and 36 months.
2211	There have currently been three studies that have used CBTI in PTSD patients.
2212	Research indicates that sleep deprivation weakens immune system functioning, which can especially have a negative effect on the effects of chemotherapy.
2213	Research outcomes have been variable in showing that CBTI is helpful in decreasing pain, but generally the results have been optimistic.
2214	Figure 1 .
2215	In 1984 were the first to show that 3 He-rich SEP events and large "normal" SEP events had quite different Fe charge state distributions.
2216	One other paper from 1984-1986 requires mention here.
2217	It would take ∼20 years before this striking result found an explanation within the two-class picture.
2218	These authors linked well-connected events with low Fe/O ratios to strong interplanetary shocks and/or more complex SEP time-intensity profiles.
2219	If these flare particles escape the CME, they could become seed particles for the shock.
2220	Because the lattice constants of three BTO powders are almost the same ͑see Fig.
2221	The decay curves of PL of three BTO powders are sketched in Fig.
2222	Table I summarizes the values of i , A i , and A i i for three BTO powders.
2223	The fact that perovskite structure containing titanium-oxygen octahedra shows similar photoluminescence at visible wavelength suggests that PL is mainly related to the oxygen octahedron.
2224	Ultrafine barium titanate powders were prepared by a hydrothermal process.
2225	The above considerations are summarized in the following proposition.
2226	Here it is not assumed that the numbers h,, .
2227	Moreover, if x E Ker X, we have already seen that x E 7.
2228	Indeed, let x E V;,.
2229	The matrix X is to be found.
2230	Next, by expanding a new exponential variable in a Taylor's series about l-dependent minimum, truncating this series after the second term and comparing it with Eq.
2231	Considering the boundary conditions and bearing in mind that Eq.
2232	As follows from the table, the accuracy of our results is the same or even better then that provided by the other methods.
2233	All study was conducted according to the principles expressed in the Declaration of Helsinki.
2234	The Ethical Committee of the Second Hospital affiliated to Nantong University has specifically approved this study.
2235	A retrospective cohort study was performed using the intern electronic health record from our hospital.
2236	The shunt was revised repeatedly according the patient's symptoms and the degree of ventriculomegaly in CT and MRI.
2237	According to clinical, radiologic, and treatment of the low-pressure hydrocephalus, we believe that it is wrong to confuse it, which needs attention.
2238	In this group, one normal intracranial pressure hydrocephalus case preoperative, 70-year-old male, decline in the ability of life after head trauma, disturbance of consciousness, decreased self-care ability.
2239	An invite to attend the group was extended to all staff and disciplines.
2240	There is poor awareness of the types of dementia and its' impact on functional abilities and rehabilitation potential in the hospital.
2241	Using a mouse model that had undergone a traumatic spinal cord injury we report the feasibility of detecting the presence of inflammatory biomarkers while imaging the neural tissue of the acutely injured spinal cord.
2242	Core temperature was maintained at 37 C using a heated warming pad.
2243	The nanoengineering process began by dispersing the microbubble base solution until a uniformly opaque color is achieved.
2244	Two hundred microliters of the biotinylated targeting antibody solution were then injected into 1.0 mL of the microbubble base.
2245	Sonographic imaging began ten seconds prior to contrast administration to acquire non-enhanced images.
2246	TCEUS scans of an acutely inflamed spinal cord were performed in a murine population.
2247	These findings are consistent with prior studies that reported the ability to successfully detect these two biomarkers with TCEUS in the presence of inflamed cardiac tissue.
2248	Furthermore, this study investigates only three inflammatory biomarkers.
2249	This preclinical research represents the first step in the evaluation of early inflammatory markers for the detection of neural inflammation.
2250	This gauge is symmetric and projective.
2251	The following results are valid for each of these gauges.
2252	Example.
2253	The easiest way to think about this is to see ker l as a set of vectors "orthogonal" to x. The difference with the euclidian case is that given such a z "orthogonal" to x, x is not necessarily "orthogonal" to z.
2254	Let k ∈ N. The norms .
2255	Definition 6.13.
2256	It includes a very useful checklist of items that should be included when reporting a SLR.
2257	As it happened, the practical screening ended up by excluding all the non preview-only content of Sprinker Link.
2258	The results of the process are presented in the next session.
2259	Publications using DL techniques first appeared in 2015.
2260	Every year saw the publication of only 2 papers using DL, one third of the amount of ANN-based publications in the same time.
2261	Each presentation is scored by humans in terms of posture, gesture, eye contact, fluency, liveliness, pronunciation, speech rate, and presenter-audience interaction.
2262	The other is suggesting a learning resource for a student on the basis of the action stream she generates while interacting with a MOOC.
2263	Step 3: Describe the region by inequalities with the variables in the opposite order.
2264	For x, I can take the numerical bounds in the x-direction: 0 ≤ x ≤ 1.
2265	I'll do x first, since the first set of inequalities had the number bounds on y. The numerical bounds on x are 0 and 1, so 0 ≤ x ≤ 1.
2266	After that, criteria are weighted according to their estimate contributions to the attractiveness of a corridor.
2267	The more relevant, objective and reliable the criterion is, the greater the weight.
2268	Domestic corridors will therefore be preferred to international corridors.
2269	The interdependency between criteria is considered in the attribution of the weights given to the standardized dimensionless parameters.
2270	Other criteria relative to the countries involved in the project like their GDP per capita and their interest in developing a greener economy are less important elements, as they are changing and subject to a frequent reevaluation.
2271	This study has led to the elaboration of a methodology used to select and rank the most attractive corridors for the implementation of a first commercial Hyperloop line.
2272	It offers a combination of practical help with administrative issues such as benefits and fines and support in accessing long-term support for chronic problems.
2273	In the second, we examine how questioning is designed as part of 'diagnostic procedures' which lead into advice giving.
2274	Specifying questions request specific types of information whereas telling questions seek extended responses.
2275	In the extracts here, the questions are both formed as and treated by the recipient as specifying questions.
2276	They proposed this type of questioning is a particular practice in political interviewing designed to challenge the interviewee.
2277	To what do you ascribe this apathy?
2278	We do however find that question cascades are a frequent way in which mental health is topicalised and identified in the problem-solving meetings.
2279	In these extracts there is an opening content 'wh-' question which does the initial work of topicalising mental health.
2280	Again the principle of optimization underlies the design of these second questions.
2281	Thus in contrast to the earlier optimizing formats for topicalising mental ill health, this format is more 'problem attentive' .
2282	The identification of categories of mental ill health and the advice that is built out of a diagnostic procedure is accomplished through the action sequences in which both the offender and the problem-solving team participate.
2283	The background to the identification of mental ill health problems is the widespread understanding that those with such problems are over-represented in the criminal justice system.
2284	The second implication arises from recent developments in the clinical professions themselves which could be used to develop problem-solving team members' understanding of how mental health assessments are made.
2285	The problem-solving meeting is a particularly good opportunity to engage with such groups in settings outside the surgery or clinic.
2286	We examined an Internet-based support group that used a chat-room format to address the unique needs and concerns of parents bereaved of a child to cancer.
2287	Using data derived from monthly chat sessions coupled with a short survey, we canvassed responses from bereaved parents about their perception of the utility of the group, its impact, if any, on their sense of connectedness with other cancer-bereaved parents, if group participation was a means of coping with the loss of a child and, if so, its level of effectiveness.
2288	Bereavement websites provide information and connection with other grievers through Internet forums, email groups, chat rooms, and online memorial websites.
2289	Chat rooms may or may not have a facilitator who may or may not be a professional.
2290	Once logged on, chat room participants submit typed messages to be viewed by the group and, likewise, can read contributions from other participants.
2291	Overall, professional facilitation of online bereavement groups appears to increase both participation and therapeutic effects.
2292	However, it is worth noting that for some, who signed off only to return to a less-thansupportive world, loneliness returns upon exiting the chat room.
2293	However, our survey sample was small; therefore, this limitation should be considered when interpreting our results.
2294	We hypothesised that pre-operative troponin levels might predict post-operative mortality.
2295	Further studies to assess this in the elective population may be useful to target pre-operative interventions.
2296	Data regarding hospital readmission was obtained from UHL Hospital Episode Statistics.
2297	Results Of 7066 patients seen in the RACPC clinic between 2010-2013.
2298	Outcomes are summarised in fig 1.
2299	The clinical features of preeclampsia causes kidney, as the main target organ, to experience glomerular endotheliosis that causes a decrease in glomerular filtration rate.
2300	Cystatin C is synthesized by all nucleated cells and excreted from the body's circulation exclusively through glomerular filtration.
2301	The population of this study is the third trimester pregnant women in maternity wards Prof Dr RD Kandou Hospital, Manado and its networking hospitals.
2302	In this study, ANOVA test on creatinine and cystatin C showed that cystatin C increased significantly along with an increase in the severity of preeclampsia, while creatinine did not increase significantly.
2303	Patients with severe proteinuria have higher cystatin C levels compared to patients with mild proteinuria.
2304	Body weight below the 10th percentile significantly increase the risk of neonatal mortality.
2305	Cystatin C is a better marker of renal dysfunction in patients with preeclampsia compared to creatinine.
2306	Most of the calc ulations were don e on th e NBS P ILOT computer, a decimal and hexadecimal machine with a 65-bit word.
2307	Yet, this method does not allow distinguishing between direct effects of socio-demographic characteristics operating at each stage of schooling and carryover effects of preexisting gaps.
2308	Imputed regression has a nice property: by explicitly addressing the issue of measurement error, it provides consistent estimates of the parameters of the model of interest even with an additional source of error, i.e.
2309	Our contribution to the existing literature is threefold.
2310	Children from advantaged backgrounds perform better on average because they usually live in more culturally stimulating environments and receive more parental support, but also because they may attend better schools 2 .
2311	Hence, OLS estimates are consistent.
2312	In other words, they must be valid instruments.
2313	It is therefore difficult to find an appropriate instrument.
2314	However, this assumption may be questionable, as children in the same school or class are exposed to similar conditions -same environment and school principal, and for children in the same class, same teachers.
2315	Performance is measured by the percentage of correct answers, varying between 0 and 100.
2316	This choice has no relevant consequence on the results.
2317	Females perform better than males in reading and worse in mathematics.
2318	Territorial differentials are dramatic, in particular along the North-South divide.
2319	Thus, pseudo-panel ߚs capture the new inequalities developed between the two surveys that can be directly ascribed to each explanatory variable.
2320	Rows 1-3 refer to children of birth cohort k: with a regular career, failing grade 6 and failing grade 5.
2321	To simplify the picture, we assume that children may fail only once 28 and that no repetitions occur before grade 5.
2322	This conclusion limits the applicability of the proposed strategy: to date, it would be difficult to exploit international assessments for cross-country comparisons, as these samples are usually not large enough.
2323	Its estimate is approximately equal to 3, both with longitudinal and imputed regression estimation.
2324	We make children repeat grade 5 if their performance score is below a given threshold.
2325	Given their poorer performance, low socioeconomic status and immigrant children are overrepresented among late children.
2326	Knowledge hierarchies usually consist of five or six levels, starting at level 0 and ending at level 5.
2327	No research has been encountered in which exhibits are assessed, learning is measured with knowledge hierarchy or summative evaluation is realized in the literature review performed on the science museum research done countrywide.
2328	In this research case study has been used 28 for examining the interaction between the student and the museum exhibit.
2329	Since it was considered to choose an easily accessible sampling in determining the exhibits, the ones which were suitable for the levels of 6th and 7th grade students were selected.
2330	They were "Pulleys", "Wind Power Simulation" and "Triangle Mirror" exhibit.
2331	This level of knowledge hierarchy represents the students who don't know what a pulley is, which is a type of simple machine.
2332	Level 3: A piece of load can be lifted up with a force that is equal to the weight of the load at minimum, using a pulley.
2333	Level 4: Heavier loads can be lifted with less force using movable pulleys.
2334	No student has been found to be in this level.
2335	Students in this level of the knowledge hierarchy express that the power the wind has is converted into electrical energy thanks to windmills.
2336	Five students were found to be in this level before the visit to the science museum while no students have been found to be in this level after the visit.
2337	Six students from Level 2 and 4 students from Level 3 have advanced to Level 4.
2338	Two students were found to be in this level before the visit to the science museum while one student has been found to be in this level after the visit.
2339	No student at level 1 was found in the knowledge hierarchy of pulleys exhibit before the science museum visit and it was observed that the students were distributed among other levels evenly.
2340	Another finding about pulleys exhibit was that all the students at Level 4 were 7th grade.
2341	Therefore it is an expected result that the 7th grade students having learned the subject of Pulleys were at level 4.
2342	Sandel, 1982; Taylor, 1989, pp.
2343	The second principle of Good Goods is that businesses must foster solidarity with the poor by serving deprived and marginalized populations.
2344	At a minimum, this requires that the working conditions be safe and not debilitating, that employees are treated respectfully, and that employees be given sufficient opportunity to honor their work/life balance commitments.
2345	The Ancient Greeks saw work and in particular manual work as undignified, as beneath them.
2346	At the heart of good work is the fundamental call to use our talents, abilities, knowledge and skills to serve the good of others.
2347	As a principle, it distinguishes between a careerism focused on having and doing 1  2  3  4  5  6  7  8  9  10  11  12  13  14  15  16  17  18  19  20  21  22  23  24  25  26  27  28  29  30  31  32  33  34  35  36  37  38  39  40  41  42  43  44  45  46  47  48  49  50  51  52  53  54  55  56  57  58  59  60  61  62  63  64  65 and a vocation that addresses the meaning of our work and our lives.
2348	The conditions for human work and the way it is designed and managed have a significant impact on how well a business can compete in the marketplace and the extent to which its people can flourish through their work.
2349	Synergies and conflicts among the private and common uses of property urge business leaders to consider the distributive consequences of how they set prices, allocate wages, share ownership, distribute dividends, and support their communities.
2350	A profitable business creates wealth, well-paying jobs, opportunities for employee development, satisfied customers, and potentially the good of all stakeholders.
2351	It also aims for just wealth creation through business practices that promote Good Goods and Good Work.
2352	One manifestation of the good stewardship principle within the business context is financial profit sufficient to sustain the organization.
2353	A just distribution of wealth renders to others what they are due.
2354	Maritain's pragmatic approach has the advantage of advancing agreement within a pluralistic setting.
2355	We now address our second research question, namely, how might the leaders of Catholic business schools systematically and effectively articulate, assess, and report on how well they implement CST principles within their activities and processes?
2356	More specifically, the SAIP translates a set of moral principles into a systematic array of questions concerning an organization's management system.
2357	The first question in Table 4 prompts the organization to examine the processes its follows to develop courses, extracurricular offerings, and school-sponsored publications, as well as processes that guide faculty research and service.
2358	With both questions, it would be important to note any informal practices that have emerged in these areas.
2359	Such practices frequently represent "the way things are done here," especially when formal processes are absent.
2360	Answering the questions within all thirty cells of the two matrices yields an evidence-based, qualitative profile -a narrative report -that describes a Catholic business school's current efforts to operationalize the six CST principles through its management system.
2361	It is systematic in that it methodically scrutinizes the degree to which each element of the school's management system addresses each of the six principles, to ensure that all of these moral standards are positioned to influence the organization's performance.
2362	Finally, it supports transparency: It yields information that helps a school to thoroughly and accurately report the degree to which it places its critical moral aspirations into action.
2363	The UNPRME principles are organized into six categories: Purpose, Values, Method, Research, Partnership, and Dialogue.
2364	We believe this addresses the primary concerns of UNPRME's Purpose category.
2365	Alignment-stage questions drawn from the CIM assessment matrix for administration ask a Catholic business school to examine how it recognizes leaders in the business community whose work reflects a genuine commitment to one or more of the six CST principles.
2366	What the CIM for Catholic business schools contributes to UNPRME is a robust examination of institutional commitment through a systematic set of critical questions that can support the UNPRME goals of self-evaluation, sustained improvement, and transparency.
2367	Finally, we described correlations between cells in the CIM and the UNPRME principles-highlighting the parallels between these two ways of implementing mission-driven business education.
2368	Cells 1.5 through 6.5 of the CIM ask what evidence the School can provide to demonstrate that all six principles have been integrated in faculty research, service, the curriculum, and extra-curriculum.
2369	Cells 1.2 through 6.2 of the CIM ask how the School recognizes staff, students, alumni or others in the business community whose work reflects commitment to authentic goods and services, attention to the poor, human dignity and subsidiarity, and the exercise of responsible and just stewardship over resources.
2370	Our nation takes pride in the attainment these poets.
2371	For example: Mike pse më prish fiqirë/përvëlon si zjarri?
2372	These features involved in the respective language, according to Çajupi, had to be accepted through written works.
2373	Meanwhile at "Baba Tomorri" from Çajupi the following metaphors are distinguished: fluturon dashuria, ma paske gjuhën bilbil, zemra bëhet behar, zemëra jote u bë gur për mua etc.
2374	The social issues which were treated in the poetry of the period of Renaissance commence with the enslaved condition of the Albanian woman, to migration as a hurting wound of that time, to the detection of the contrast between the wealth and the poverty, etc 6 .
2375	For example : zhvish-vish, lerë-vdesëm, pleqtë-të ritë, i zi-i bardhë, të pasur-të varfër, korrmbjell, dit'-nat' etc ., which serve even for the construction of the antithesis and contrast providing his most powerful lyrical discourse.
2376	These motives were brought to the Albanian poetry the innovation and the artistic richness which had been not known before.
2377	Thus, Macron's choice for Édouard Philippe as his first prime minister and the appointment of LR members associated with the main factions in the LR party reflected his own "gesture" intended to broaden political appeal and provide right-wing voters with sufficient incentives to support LREM candidates when it came to duels with the left or the extreme right.
2378	Only two LREM members joined the government as full ministers: Richard Ferrand, a long-standing member of the Socialist Party who had joined the En Marche!
2379	In general, the size and composition of governments in the Fifth Republic has varied considerably from one cabinet to another.
2380	However, linking legislative seat share and portfolio shares would make little sense this time around given the synthesis of the left, right, and centre carried out by Emmanuel Macron, who put together an executive team dominated by non-political cabinet members.
2381	Nevertheless, since not all cabinet posts carry the same weight, one can compare the size of the ministerial prize seized by each bloc by considering the importance of each portfolio.
2382	By and large, the data in Figure 2 confirms most commentators' views on the distribution of important portfolios to the main parties of the left and right.
2383	While experienced politicians make up a smaller group than before, a nonnegligible number of cabinet members followed the conventional career path to executive office, which normally starts at local level and involves winning a general election before advancing to the cabinet.
2384	Chirac's 1974 cabinet.
2385	Thus, while Emmanuel Macron's parity cabinet stands out in comparison with the average French government, it seems to be following closely the trend started by Nicolas Sarkozy and François Hollande, who also vowed to ensure gender parity in their governments.
2386	Thus, Nicolas Sarkozy's initial cabinet was praised not only because it included a record number of women, seven out of a cabinet of 15, but also because they were given highranking positions, including the interior and justice ministries.
2387	Nevertheless, as most of the other portfolios did not change hands and the new cabinet members who joined the government were state secretaries, the balance of power between male and female ministers did not change significantly.
2388	On the other hand, the new government did not really break with previous patterns of ministerial selection and portfolio allocation.
2389	While experienced politicians made up a smaller group than before, a nonnegligible number of cabinet members had followed conventional career paths, coming to government as parliamentarians, mayors, party executives, or cabinet advisers.
2390	Invasion of the walls of the pulmonary arteries and bronchi by tumour was held to play a negligible part in the formation of the radiographic appearances.
2391	In 1951 Kerley made an important contribution to the interpretation of chest radiographs when he described 'A' and 'B' lines in silicosis and suggested that they were the shadows cast by distended lymphatics.
2392	Other cases, with 'typical' radiological changes but no pathological proof, were not included.
2393	In two of the five patients whose lungs were radiographed at necropsy, discrete nodules of tumour deposit were scattered in the lung tissues in addition to the lymphatic permeation.
2394	The functioning right lung had discrete tumour nodules in it and the pleural lymphatics were permeated by tumour cells.
2395	There was only one lung in the five cases of this series that had lines that might be called 'A' lines.
2396	Another possible contributing factor in the production of 'A' and 'B' lines may be the oedema that is present without heart failure in some cases of lymphangitis carcinomatosa and which wais presumably 'the cause of the diffuse clouding present in 13 of the 20 cases.
2397	It seems therefore that tumour permeation of the pleural lymphatics is not likely to be the cause of the thickening of the fissure.
2398	The chest radiographs of 20 patients, subsequently proved at necropsy to have lymphangitis carcinomatosa, were examined.
2399	No formal consent was required for the survey participation.
2400	For the purpose of this review, we have pooled together "occasional" and "individualised according to patient" groups.
2401	A large multi-centre, prospective, observational study, examining the burden of acute hypoxic respiratory failure is currently complete and awaiting publication.
2402	Only a quarter of respondents had facilities for routine physical rehabilitation following discharge and there remains a significant lack in nutritional and psychological support.
2403	Thirdly, we cannot rule out sampling bias due to the nature of the recruitment of respondents.
2404	The supernatant and adequate dilutions were streaked out on TSA, incubated at 37uC for at least 48 hours and CFUs were counted.
2405	Data for abscess formation on day 7 for all three mouse strains at doses of 10 8 and 10 9 CFUs of S. epidermidis O-47 or the complemented mutant are presented in Table 1 .
2406	As shown in Table 1 , an inoculation dose of 10 9 CFUs per catheter resulted in a recovery of 11,524 CFUs of the complemented mutant from BALB/c followed by 9,960 CFUs and 9,900 CFUs of S. epidermidis O-47 from BALB/c and CD-1, respectively.
2407	As it is still unknown whether SCV formation is solely due to bacterial adaption to host or intracellular conditions, and/or is the result of mutations, we performed this model of acute foreign-bodyinfection for an observation period of seven days.
2408	In a subcutaneous infection model without a foreign body where 2610 7 CFUs of S. aureus SH1000 were inoculated in the left hind footpad of 8-12-week old mice, Nippe et al.
2409	The sodium-retaining action of Aldo is balanced by inhibitory signals that promote renal sodium excretion and inhibit sodium appetite.
2410	The importance of the inhibitory mechanism is perhaps best evidenced by the escape phenomenon, a physiological adaptive response to high circulating levels of Aldo which are inappropriate to normal or increased extracellular volume.
2411	All procedures were in accordance with guidelines approved by the University of Utah Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee.
2412	Differences were considered to be significant when the P value was Ͻ0.05.
2413	Considering that the proximal tubule is not a typical site for the expression of PG synthesis enzymes, we performed qRT-PCR and a microdissection technique to validate the immunostaining results.
2414	As a result, rofecoxib has been withdrawn from the market.
2415	Despite 14 days of Aldo infusion, WT mice displayed no signs of fluid retention as evidenced by normal sodium balance, plasma sodium concentration, Hct, and body weight.
2416	However, the finding that Aldo infusion in conjunction Ϫ1 , the animals were placed on a low-salt diet for 3 days and then switched to a normal-salt diet to allow escape to occur.
2417	Children were then admitted to large inpatient feeding centres based on their arm circumference for height or for age, and then treated with a mixture of dried skimmed milk, oil, and sugar, diluted into clean water.
2418	The limitations of the inpatient model led to innovations in the mid-90s, which progressively introduced a radically new approach, moving the treatment of SAM from inpatient hospitals and feeding centres into the community.
2419	Measures have been made of particle concentration in the tissue, and interpreted as indicating flow relative to the mean flow in the whole heart.
2420	The use of macroaggregated albumin particles, with particle sizes mainly above ten microns, was introduced by Ueda et al.
2421	If a tracer is highly extracted and retained for a long time in the tissue then it can serve as a deposition marker for flow.
2422	Accounting for heterogeneity is important when analyzing outflow dilution data for the estimation of capillary and cell permeability surface-area products, PS, and tissue metabolic rates, since the relationships to flow, F, are nonlinear.
2423	The measurement of variance in any property of any spatial domain in which the choice of unit size is arbitrary has a fundamental problem: the more refined the spatial resolution used, the greater is the apparent variance, as in Fig.
2424	However, that is not a useful measure by which to compare mouse and human hearts.
2425	If derecruitment led to trapping of tracer as derecruited vessels ceased flow while containing tracer albumin, it would not wash out.
2426	Subendocardial flow is mainly diastolic.
2427	Another influence is aortic perfusion pressure: the Gregg effect is the increase in cardiac force of contraction when aortic pressure is raised.
2428	The idea is shown in Fig.
2429	We surmise that this phenomenon is due primarily to early septal contraction against no load.
2430	The small ejection phase strains in these same regions would give a second reason for reduced ATP usage.
2431	Certainly a reduction in local endothelial shear stress secondary to a reduction of flow leads to a reduction in NO release by endothelial cells.
2432	Environmental factors ranging from stress to various chemicals may alter methylation of DNA, which in turn modifies DNA expression.
2433	They call for improved environmental regulation and control, better public education to combat avoidable exposures that are routinely occurring as a result of ignorance, more research, environmental justice, and coverage of environmental health in training of health care professionals.
2434	Pesticides are the only chemicals manufactured and spread in the environment specifically to be toxic, with a tiny fraction of broadcast/sprayed chemicals reaching their targets.
2435	This is apparent in altered puberty and sexual development as well as energy utilization, glucose sensitivity, and neurological development.
2436	Immune surveillance, oxidative stress, and stimulation of growth by infections, inflammation or endocrine disruption may also contribute to carcinogenesis or mutagenesis.
2437	Beyond prioritization and assessment of chemicals, measures to reduce environmental and individual exposures occupy considerable resources of government agencies and ministries, and international bodies such as the World Health Organization.
2438	A longstanding tenant of toxicology, that all effects at low doses are presaged by effects at higher doses, is captured as "The dose makes the poison," a common paraphrase of Paracelsus' writings from the 16th century.
2439	With ongoing exposures minimized, the human organism is able to devote resources and energies of detoxification physiology to metabolizing and excreting retained compounds, with less devoted to ongoing exposures.
2440	When toxicants are identified by physiological processes within the body, pathways of excretion are mobilized to diminish toxicity and to eliminate the xenobiotic compounds.
2441	Nutritional biochemistry testing, urinary organic acid testing, and biochemical markers for function of organs such as liver and kidney, can be employed to assess physiological status and function.
2442	Accordingly, some toxicants are conjugated and released from tissues into the bloodstream for excretion, but are then reabsorbed back into the body.
2443	Additionally, some retained compounds deposit in specific tissues such as bone, fat, and muscle, where they will bioaccumulate and alter physiological functioning within these tissues.
2444	Toxicants.
2445	Empirical research has shown that various strategies can be employed to assist with the effective removal of some accrued toxicants.
2446	Medications.
2447	The mechanisms of action may include preventing absorption of toxicants, facilitating elimination of accrued toxic compounds, hindering enterohepatic recycling of some persistent compounds, and diminishing toxicity through protective mechanisms.
2448	Serological analysis of human sera.
2449	The abbreviations for the Italian H5 viruses are underlined.
2450	During the outbreak of highly pathogenic H5N2 avian influenza in Italy, there was no evidence of clinical respiratory infection of poultry workers or other humans working with the viruses.
2451	This finding is in contrast to that seen with the H5N1 viruses from Hong Kong, which could be separated into distinct subgroups on the basis of the presence or absence of a carbohydrate at residue 158 of the HA .
2452	A direct comparison between tumour cells and their normal homologues is made difficult by the doubts which arise in identifying the cell types from which the tumours arise.
2453	The Extinction, E, is defined as loglo I/T, i.e.
2454	In order to obtain a sufficient number of nuclei per section for purposes of measurement, longitudinal sections of peripheral nerve, both normal and degenerating, were cut.
2455	The results of these measurements are shown in Table I , and in Fig.
2456	A macroscopic picture of an early intraneural tumour is shown in Fig.
2457	The significance of these results is discussed.
2458	Since the age of 21 she has had candidal vulvovaginitis, and when aged 2S she had an episode of candidal oesophagitis which responded to nystatin.
2459	In 1978 she was shown to have low serum and red cell folate levels, without anaemia or macrocytosis.
2460	The associated endocrine disorders include hypoparathyroidism, Addison's disease, and less commonly hypothyroidism, diabetes mellitus, pernicious anaemia and ovarian insufficiency.
2461	In early September 1979, ticrynafen 250 mg a day was instituted to control his blood pressure and hyperuricaemia.
2462	In addition, there are ATPhydrolyzing chromatin-remodeling enzymes capable of sliding or displacing nucleosomes.
2463	To address the requirement for different chromatin modifications in the regulation of developmental gene expression ideally requires a genetically tractable developmental model.
2464	We demonstrate a strong non-autonomous component to the developmental timing phenotype, indicating Set1 regulates production of an extra-cellular factor required for the correct perception of growth conditions.
2465	Results were normalized with respect to histone H3 controls or the input fraction.
2466	Grouping of affected genes within the genome was assessed separately using the CLAC method of Wang et al.
2467	In the wild-type cells, all three meH3K4 marks distribute throughout the nucleus.
2468	We conclude that set1 cells still require PKA for differentiation.
2469	Another differentiation trigger in Dictyostelium is high cell density.
2470	We have studied the function of Set1, a histone methyltransferase homolog in Dictyostelium.
2471	Several well-documented examples of gene clusters encoding proteins with similar biological functions exist, notably the Hox, globin and myosin heavy chain clusters.
2472	A primary cause of the rapid development phenotype occurs during growth, so the effect of loss of H3K4me3 on ACA expression will be overridden by this dominant early response.
2473	It contains information about the input file, like size and name of file, number of events and in which LHCb run the data has been recorded.
2474	Due to larger data rate, different trigger conditions and higher luminsosity more complex events have been recorded.
2475	This means that runtime is on average wrongly estimated by 2.1 respectively 2.7 HS06.s.
2476	The LHCb experiment provides luminosity leveling, which ensures a relatively stable luminosity value during a run.
2477	Having analyzed the workloads from the past, distributions have been obtained which can be used to predict future jobs.
2478	The false prediction will be high in the beginning, because of effects which have not been seen in the training data.
2479	This means that the supervised learning algorithm is updated after each 100th job.
2480	For instance, Fig.
2481	This happened because the jobs processed events which have been recorded under a minimum bias trigger.
2482	For the memory footprint a significant outlier can be observed.
2483	Figure 9 .
2484	The prediction model must be able to regularly update itself.
2485	We then evaluate different time-lags of the MEG responses in decoding the spectrogram of test sounds in a cross-validation setting.
2486	To simplify the description of the inference algorithm used in this study, we transform the model in a linear algebraic form.
2487	Thus, the dual formulation implicitly allows to use feature spaces of very high, even infinite, dimensions.
2488	She has not returned to athletics yet.
2489	Despite profound dehydration and caloric restriction, bradycardia is the most common rhythm abnormality seen in children and adults with anorexia.
2490	Two of these patients had profound increases in heart rate with positional changes despite aggressive hydration.
2491	This is an incidental finding as currently there is no known association between eating disorders and bicuspid aortic valves.
2492	By visual estimation and biplane Simpson's method, all patients had normal LV function.
2493	Noncardiac events such as suicide and alcoholism are causes of premature death in patients with disordered eating.
2494	Prolonged electrolyte disturbances, catabolism, and immunocompromised state predispose these patients to acute inflammation with subsequent complications of nosocomial infection and sepsis.
2495	The mechanism of death is likely multifactorial and not well understood.
2496	In anorexia, the etiologies are more varied.
2497	Some models are based on first principles, but most are not.
2498	Meter implementations of the RGBM are available and under continuing development, specifically HydroSpace, Zeagle, Steam Machines, Underwater Technologies, Mares, Dacor, Suunto, Plexus, and other players.
2499	The phase volume is an estimate of the cumulative volume of bubbles left at the surface after arbitary depth-time exposures on any diving breathing mixture.
2500	Mass transfer coefficients are just phenomenological diffusion coefficients for complex gas transport across lipid and aqueous bubble surfaces in tissue and blood.
2501	Some profiles come to us directly as computer downloads, which we transcribe to the requisite format.
2502	Probabilities of occurrence are determined from the binomial distribution, which measures the numbers of possibilities of occurrence and non-occurrence in any number of events, given the incidence rate.
2503	The RGBM is newer, more modern, and is coming online in decometers and associated software.
2504	Many factors influence these two populations, but fitness and acclimatization would probably play strategically.
2505	Four additional dives in the same sequence were also performed without mishap, but are not included because of larger fluctuations about 450 fsw.
2506	Bottom fluctuations in the 16 dive sequence were ±5 fsw maximum for longer than a minute.
2507	Descent and ascent rates are standard, except in the 30 fsw zone where the ascent rate is 1 fsw/min.
2508	Profiles tested are given in Table 10 , along with a suggested LANL deep stop profile.
2509	Both NEDU profiles are not of the genre typically dived by users of modern deep stop tables, software, and meters.
2510	For purposes of deep stop analysis, Protocol 1, a dive similar to NEDU 1, is interesting.
2511	Protocol 1 is a deep air dive to 200 fsw for 20 min, with ascent staging according to Table 11 .
2512	The use of GAP software by NAUI and ANDI is a recent development over the past 3 -4 years.
2513	The same module is used to generate bubble and dissolved gas risk functions employed in likelihood analysis of data.
2514	In order to study enzyme conversions, 0.04 ml of the enzyme preparation was incu- by adding 0.2 ml of ice-cold 50 mM Tris-HCl buffer, pH 7.4, containing 50 mM NaF, 20 mM EDTA, and 10 mM mercaptoethanol.
2515	The results reported in this paper indicate that glycogen phosphorylase in N.
2516	In contrast, a large number of experimental studies has shown that humans frequently make mistakes in processing probabilistic information.
2517	In a second step, we study the determinants of biased probability judgment, with a particular focus on respondents' education level and cognitive ability.
2518	Second, the biases we observe are systematic, as deviations from the normative solution are not distributed randomly.
2519	In the empirical analysis, we find that being prone to the gambler's fallacy is not associated with a significantly higher probability of being long-term unemployed, while being prone to the hot hand fallacy implies a significantly higher probability of long-term unemployment.
2520	The data set under investigation consists of 1,012 observations and is a representative sample of the population living in Germany aged 16 years and older.
2521	Imagine you are tossing a fair coin.
2522	The CAPI method allow for a direct measurement of performance, registering decisions through a software that was running in the background.
2523	Our results are complementary to these findings, as they show that people who make predictions regarding the outcome of an inanimate chance process tend to overestimate the occurrence of alternations, whereas the belief in streaks is relatively infrequent.
2524	For the cognitive ability measures, we see that the coefficient for the word fluency measure is large and significant, whereas the coefficient for the perceptual speed measure is small and insignificant.
2525	To avoid this confound, we controlled in all regressions for cognitive ability by including measures of respondents' word fluency and perceptual speed.
2526	Rather, we would expect the detrimental effect of the hot hand fallacy to play a role for job seekers who have been unemployed for a long time.
2527	For instance, even in a model with learning about the job finding probability, one would predict that a hot hand fallacy type reduces search intensity faster than people without bias in probability judgment, or gambler's fallacy types, after a streak of negative search outcomes for a given job finding rate.
2528	Thus, the results are consistent with the behavioral predictions regarding the effect of the hot hand fallacy on long-term unemployment.
2529	Next, we empirically test the predictions regarding consumption decisions of cash-constrained consumers.
2530	To this aim, we analyze the interplay of probability judgment biases and the decision to overdraw one's bank account.
2531	As explanatory variables we include again the dummies for whether a person exhibits a bias in probability judgment, with the reference group being those respondents who gave the correct answer to the probability task.
2532	This is in line with the behavioral prediction: people who are prone to the gambler's fallacy have a higher number of days per year on which their bank account is overdrawn.
2533	In particular, we find that the gambler's fallacy affects financial decision making, whereas the hot hand fallacy has an impact on job search decisions.
2534	Thus, it may be worthwhile to put a stronger focus on teaching simple probabilistic reasoning already in the early grades of high school.
2535	The 95 observations for the answer "I don't know" are not shown.
2536	The reference category is the correct answer.
2537	IHC is a nonprofit integrated delivery network with 21 hospitals, several outpatient clinics, more than 450 employed physicians, and a comprehensive insurance plan.
2538	The knowledge content should be created by clinicians whenever possible, without requiring the continuous assistance of knowledge engineers.
2539	In several cases, these inadequate solutions introduce process inefficiencies that persuade users against using the new knowledge content entirely.
2540	The ''Clinical Programs'' at IHC provide clinical decision support tools to help clinicians deliver the best clinical care in a consistent and integrated fashion.
2541	Given the set of functionality that XML and its related technologies provide, we thought that it best matched our needs for building the enterprise knowledge base.
2542	The framework and its main components are illustrated in Figure 1 .
2543	This level of structured content is required in more sophisticated clinical applications, such as the ''infobutton,'' where more extensive metadata about the content is necessary.
2544	In addition, four knowledge engineers worked with domain experts to create XML schemas, Web forms, and XSLT transforms for different clinical documents that are being authored in KAT.
2545	The KR was built upon an Oracle 9i database, with special support for XML-based functionality.
2546	The KAT loads the data from this table into memory on start-up and uses it to access the necessary associated documents required during the authoring process from the KR.
2547	Specifically, authors can search the KR and create a copy of any published document to use as a basis from which to draft their own content.
2548	Calculations and calculated orders are the first instances of decision support logic expressed using XML and authored using KAT.
2549	Altogether, users have spent more than 2270 hours logged into KAT since May 2004.
2550	The storage format also required the content to be monolithic instead of modular.
2551	Due to the burdens associated with these constraints, the CPG team wanted to move the content to a representation language that would allow the content to be used in any of the programs currently under development at IHC.
2552	The flexible, open authoring environment that KAT provides makes it a viable solution for groups seeking to capture a wide variety of knowledge content in a structured format.
2553	Demonstrating KAT to various groups within IHC has increased interest in using it.
2554	These document categories are updated more frequently during the initial development phase and then the updates taper off in the months that follow.
2555	Rather than expecting physicians to rely solely on centrally or externally developed content, we also invite them to participate in the authoring and review of the knowledge content.
2556	We believe that a document-centric approach to knowledge acquisition and representation is a more familiar paradigm for typical clinical domain experts, allowing them to contribute more autonomously to the development and maintenance of our clinical knowledge base.
2557	We are currently working to integrate KAT more closely with the Healthcare Data Dictionary in use at IHC.
2558	Also to establish the material parameters of the model.
2559	A computational model for analyzing two-phase solid-liquid flows at various loading was also developed and was used to predict flow parameters down an inclined chute.
2560	The plan is to use an Eulerian analysis of gas liquid flows in the bubble column, and make use the Lagrangian particle tracking procedure to study the particle flows.
2561	Figure 2a shows that the predicted fluid phase velocity is in good agreement with the experimental data while the particulate phase mean velocity is somewhat underestimated.
2562	It is observed that, while the particulate fluctuation kinetic energy is uniform and remained nearly unchanged, the fluid fluctuation kinetic energy has now a highly asymmetric distribution.
2563	Tsuji et al.
2564	As pointed by Tsuji et al.
2565	The height of the column is 1 m with a width of 20 cm.
2566	The nonintrusive, technique of Phase-Doppler Anemometry will be used in the experimentation.
2567	Food and Drug Administration, which is considering tighter regulations on consumer drug advertising.
2568	The goal is to make us want them, " said Diana Zuckerman, Ph.D., director of the National Research Center for Women and Families, at the November hearing.
2569	Also, viewers recalled advertised benefi ts much more easily than they recalled possible risks.
2570	Day and others at the meeting said that positive images shown during the typical voiceover recitation of side effects -for instance, a mother bending to tie her grandchild's shoe in an ad for an arthritis drug -undermine any risk message.
2571	The number of television and radio advertisements submitted by pharmaceutical companies to the FDA for review continues to grow.
2572	Gestational age was determined using previous pregnancy ultrasound results.
2573	The results of logistic regression analysis of the relationship between a 1-SD increase in the level of TGs as the independent factor and fetal macrosomia as the dependent factor are demonstrated in Table 2 .
2574	Considering the high incidence rate of macrosomia in obese women in the present study, it seems that other stronger factors may be involved in the development of macrosomia in obese pregnant women with GDM.
2575	In a study by Aye et al.
2576	Therefore, a decrease in adiponectin in obese women can play a role in fetal macrosomia.
2577	In summary, the prevalence of hypertriglyceridemia did not significantly differ among normal weight and obese or overweight women with GDM.
2578	There was no association between hypertriglyceridemia and macrosomia in obese women.
2579	Thus, the highest exposures cannot necessarily be considered rare events and have broad public health significance.
2580	For chemicals with limited exposure data, it is important to use available data and to clarify that without exposure data there is no basis for reassurance that exposure levels are below activity levels.
2581	Although several other limitations are acknowledged by the authors, we are concerned that the article understates the impact of these limitations.
2582	The study abstract and conclusions convey a sense that the study represents a "worst-case" screening exercise, but the study's limitations are likely to result in underestimates of population exposures and risks.
2583	According to the equivalent phase by diffraction m ðxÞ ¼ kx þ 2m, we can deduce the location of the mth diffraction unit by solving m ðxÞ ¼ c ðxÞ and ultimately retrieve the arrangement of the nanocave array.
2584	Several sources of uncertainty affect the mechanical behavior of soil factors that in terms of considering them, the combination of statistics and probability theory with Geotechnical methods is used as a tool for studying these issues.
2585	Mainly in designing shallow foundations, subsidence is a controlling factor in determining the allowable bearing capacity.
2586	Among the most important factors in this case are boundary conditions and the degree of saturation and preconsolidation pressure estimation which is the maximum pressure that had been applied to the soil so far.
2587	Sub soil subsidence was evaluated and studied by taking into account the effect of uncertainty soil parameters in three states.
2588	Determined PDF Chart set for the center subsidence had more distribution and accordingly the PDF pie charts provided in this figure is more open than PDF corner subsidence pie chart and this indicates more scattering of the probability distribution regarding foundation center subsidence.
2589	How the different stress signals are transmitted to these factors is not yet fully elucidated.
2590	This first result, of particular importance to cell biologists, indicates that the microscopic observation of GFP-containing cells might induce stress-related modifications within the observed cells.
2591	In particular the model predicts that oscillations should occur only within a given range of stress and cellular sensitivity.
2592	Moreover, it does not eliminate the proportionate noise term from the background.
2593	We next extend the SWEDA concept to a polarization-sensitive case by using a linear groove pattern for surface wave coupling.
2594	Therefore, the mediated-transmission behavior of this corrugation-based aperture can be intuitively explained as follows.
2595	Through judicious choice of the groove structure and the central hole size, we can arrive at a situation where the surface wave component is equal in strength to the direct transmission component.
2596	On the other hand, we desire a low number of grooves for overall SWEDA structure compactness considerations.
2597	As a whole, this simulation indicates that the SWEDA is maximally sensitive to light field heterogeneity directly above the central hole.
2598	The measured suppression factor for the optimized SWEDA was 1230.
2599	In other words, this SWEDA transmitted 1230 times less light than an unadorned simple hole of size equal to that of the central SWEDA hole.
2600	Because SWEDA's operation depends on the exact amplitude balance and opposing phase relationship of the surface-wave-enabled transmission component and the direct transmission component, we can expect that the darkfield property of SWEDA to be optimized for one single wavelength.
2601	We were able to arrive at a set of design parameters that provide a darkfield suppression factor of 35400 for TM wave in our simulations.
2602	The optical transmission signals of linear-groove-based SWEDAs are normalized and plotted as a function of spacing s and wavelength λ in Fig.
2603	The measured darkfield suppression factor for the optimized linear-groove-based SWEDA was 5080.
2604	To demonstrate that such a system can indeed be implemented, we employed our optimized circular-groove-based SWEDA in the same experimental scheme to scan slides of starfish embryos in different developmental stages.
2605	It is also worth noting that, in principle, there is no theoretical limit to how close the SWEDA darkfield suppression factor can approach infinity; the practical limit is only set by the fabrication tolerance and the net transmission through the opaque metal layer.
2606	There are a few limitations associated with the SWEDA structure that are worth discussing presently.
2607	The linear-groove-based SWEDA demonstrated in the present work is a highly compact and highly sensitive polarization sensor.
2608	The simulations were performed in 3 dimensions.
2609	Students use a wide array of cues to form these impressions of their instructors, for instance, professional title, gender, age, and personality.
2610	Our hypothesis was that student perceptions would differ not only between instructor types, but also between instructor titles.
2611	The rating scale was coded so "strongly disagree" was equivalent to "1" and "strongly agree" was equivalent to "6" with a continuum between.
2612	Students may also have preconceived notions about lecture and lab that influence instructional expectations when these words are used in the titles.
2613	In section 2 we investigate any other possibilities to restrict the cardinalities of the sets.
2614	That such a converse does not hold in our more general setting is indicated by an elementary example.
2615	The first level includes the fundamental laws of optics and the minimum amount of mathematics needed to understand them.
2616	This list is not intended to be exhaustive but only an indication of some examples.
2617	Integral calculus is appropriate for ray propagation in inhomogeneous media, in particular for writing in explicit form Fermat's principle for continuous media or for continuous media where some discontinuities are present.
2618	Clearly for those that will have to work with these types of problems adequate mathematical preparation is necessary for solving the differential equations of different types that can occur and sometimes for handling these equations by computer.
2619	Although not strictly required at a lower level, at a higher level the student needs to see the different forms of the wave equations in different reference systems and theiL solutions, for future handling of waves of different types.
2620	Hermite polynomials are also useful in the study of the behaviour of some basic laser cavities.
2621	Green's method, however, will be necessary and very useful in the presence of sources.
2622	By the way, let us also note that knowledge of the Bessel function of zero order can also allow one to introduce the so called "non-diffracting beams".
2623	For example being able to handle problems of eigenvalues and eigenfunctions is necessary in the study of modes and losses of laser cavities, and in propagation through fibers, as already mentioned.
2624	Few studies investigate unplanned events to control for potential test contamination due to the arrival of new information.
2625	In addition to examining information content in options around earnings announcements, Jin et al.
2626	The results demonstrate that this zero-cost trading strategy produces statistically and economically significant trading profits net of transaction costs.
2627	In support of this argument, we document the details of our investigation in the remainder of this article.
2628	The abnormal volatility skewness is calculated in the same manner as the abnormal volatility spread.
2629	The calculation for the abnormal OS is the same as that for VS and SK.
2630	In this way, we find the option-implied prices for each stock on each day in our sample from day −150 to day −11.
2631	Conditional on the above criteria, we begin with every recommendation observation within regular trading hours in the IBES database.
2632	The remaining sample is slightly more than 12,000 consensus changes, split almost equally between 6,106 upgrades and 6,091 downgrades.
2633	Both downgrades in Graph A and upgrades in Graph B demonstrate a large absolute AR on event day 0, with somewhat elevated values after the announcement.
2634	The greatest negative value is on day −1.
2635	The same can be said for the post-announcement drift in the VS, SK, and OS, which are muted but still evident.
2636	There is a drift in AR.
2637	The event study results isolate predictive trading in the options market, especially with firms covered by more analysts.
2638	By including the stock market variables in the model, we ensure that lag effects are not artifacts of unmodeled dynamics in the stock return itself.
2639	For upgrades, the conditional information parameter of The test results demonstrate that the options market is leading the stock market with respect to the revision event.
2640	To the extent that an investor is informed and has a choice between the stock or options markets to utilize the informational advantage, the trader should use options to maximize the financial reward due to leverage.
2641	Table 6 also shows that implied volatility exhibits information flow from the options market conditioned on the revision event.
2642	However, the coefficients on all of the information flows are low.
2643	In separate regressions, we interact the four options market metrics with an event-day dummy variable set to 1 on each of the 8 days leading up to the revision announcement, and 0 otherwise.
2644	Our analysis focuses on γ t−k , as the slope coefficient should show significance if there is informed trading prior to the revision in the options market.
2645	Also, the SK variable exhibits significant relation with the AR beginning 5 days prior to the announcement.
2646	The values in Panel A of Table 8 do not include transaction costs.
2647	Consequently, we reexamine the trading profits net of costs.
2648	Thus, the trades use the derivatives with the highest delta-to-price ratio with maturity longer than a month on each trading day.
2649	This paper examines options trading in firms that experience a revision in their consensus recommendation by financial analysts.
2650	In out-of-sample tests, we find significant information content in the options market.
2651	This policy emphasized the importance of domestic demand in building domestic industry to replace European imports and eventually came to be called "import substitution industrialization," as protection of domestic industry from foreign competition was substituted for the natural protection of the war years.
2652	It is important to recognize that Lal was simply applying to traditional development theory that which was basically Keynesian, the "counter-revolution" against Keynesian America obviously was also ripe for counter-revolution.
2653	The implication was that the difficulties faced by Latin American economies in the 1980s were 5 largely the result of the failed attempt by traditional development economists to formulate and apply policies that were specific to the context of the region.
2654	This was achieved by introducing policies that restricted the growth of the money supply, opened domestic markets to foreign competition, privatized state-owned industries, and government spending reductions to reduce or eliminate government budget deficits.
2655	This would imply a wide adjustable band around a "sustainable" rate including some estimate of long-term capital flows.
2656	Or, as the 2003 UNCTAD Trade and Development Report described it, the sound macroeconomic fundamentals required for fighting inflation were not the same as the strong microeconomic fundamentals necessary to transform domestic industry to meet foreign competition and increase exports.
2657	The Consensus calls on countries to maintain competitive currencies, but in the absence of exchange controls on capital inflows, this has proven to be extremely difficult to achieve in practice and if achieved risks creating a flight from the currency that would jeopardize the stability that has been achieved.
2658	What additional lending that is done tends to be for consumer credit or for house mortgages.
2659	Finally, the impact of the highly overvalued exchange rate simply aggravates these problems.
2660	These results also suggest that one of the major reasons for the failure of the Consensus to provide the basis for industrial transformation and recovery has been its success in reducing inflation, creating the paradox of providing stability to the financial system, while at the same time reducing its contribution to financing the industrial system.
2661	Thus, the negative impact of free capital flows on the development process, as well as the buildup of large international indebtedness, would have been eliminated.
2662	The final section concludes.
2663	Weber characterised the state as 'a human community that successfully claims the monopoly of the legitimate use of physical force within a given territory'.
2664	From this perspective, security is the central criterion of state strength.
2665	With respect to the consequences of fragility, it is more difficult to develop a hypothesis about which approach the EU will follow.
2666	Especially since 9/11 the Union has sought to integrate development aspects into security policy and security aspects into development assistance, efforts that are likely to also influence the Union's notion of 'state fragility'.
2667	Depending on the topic, EU policy making may be driven by intergovernmental and/or supranational logics.
2668	The EU advocates remaining engaged, even in the most difficult situations, to prevent the emergence of failed states.
2669	Analysing and explaining the EU's concept of state fragility How does the EU define 'state fragility'?
2670	But in further descriptions of the phenomenon, the causes and consequences of 'state fragility' are often intermixed: following DEVCO's lead, the Commission frequently highlights development issues and emphasises the lack of good governance and service delivery as obstacles to sustainable development.
2671	Additionally, the EU's conception and treatment of fragility are affected by events and developments at the international level, including the post-9/11 discourse on security and the war on terror, the Millennium Development Goals and the International Dialogue on Peace-and Statebuilding.
2672	However, this is not yet the full story.
2673	Whether this is a wise strategy is a matter of debate.
2674	Use flexible pricing.
2675	One major product of the subject company is IPM light source regulation and control system.
2676	In terms of product shipments, the Taiwan LED industry ranks first in the world.
2677	Due to increases in LED-related applications, the global LED industry is continually expanding, although profit margins have been reduced.
2678	The subject company was established in 2002.
2679	Focusing on innovation and customization, the company developed new products or methods of usage based on mature LED technology, using vertical integration of midstream and downstream techniques.
2680	Therefore, businesses today must focus on the importance of innovative R and D in order to search out and attract potential customers in continuously changing markets.
2681	Find x ∈ C such that F x, y ϕ y ≥ ϕ x , ∀y ∈ C.
2682	If ϕ 0 and F x, y Ax, y − x for all x, y ∈ C, where A is a mapping from C into H, then problem 1.11 reduces to the classical variational inequality and EP F VI C, A .
2683	In this paper, motivated and inspired by the idea of Kumam and Katchang 14 , we introduce a hybrid projection algorithm for finding a common element of the set of solutions of a new general system of variational inequalities, the set of solutions of a mixed equilibrium problem and the set of fixed points of a nonexpansive mapping in a real Hilbert space.
2684	From the monotonicity of F, we obtain that u n 1 − u n , u n − x n r n − u n 1 − x n 1 r n 1 ≥ 0, 3.14 and hence u n 1 − u n , u n − u n 1 u n 1 − x n − r n r n 1 u n 1 − x n 1 ≥ 0.
2685	However, as far as we know, there is no attempt to embed these works into a common mathematical framework that would allow further theoretical and practical developments between biology and computer science.
2686	What are the corresponding mathematical structures?
2687	On the other hand, from the parallelization point of view, the number of number of lightweight processes n LW P is static.
2688	Algorithmically, graphs G 1 and G 2 are generated and finally G is generated coupling G 1 and G 2 with probability p.
2689	The model is specified after using the main mathematical structures presented in previous sections.
2690	It is always assumed that M ≥ N .
2691	Each best average speedup obtained in Figure 6 is presented in Figure 7 .
2692	This article presented a first formal bridge between computational discrete event systems and networks of spiking neurons.
2693	Remark 3.
2694	In the non-polynomial case, Theorem 6 continues formally to hold, so that a practical conservation of any suitably smooth invariant may be obtained, provided that k is large enough.
2695	We here report some numerical tests, to show the behaviour of the methods on different problems having a number of invariants of motion.
2696	For sake of completeness, we also report the results obtained by using the GAUSS4 method.
2697	They were unrelated, all of Japanese origin, and apparently healthy.
2698	In addition, via electrophoretic mobility supershift assays, we also examined whether ATF-1 binds the SARE.
2699	A similar pattern of SARE induction was seen in another human breast cancer cell line, T47D.
2700	To investigate the functionality of a SARE lacking the putative 'anoxia-responsive' 5'-ACGTA-3' sequence, but with a more highly inducible HBS than the 5'-CACGTG-3' sequence present in M1, M3 was constructed.
2701	In keeping with the suggestion Stergiou's of et al., 4 for the derivation of the arterial stiffness index, BP self-measurement should not be considered as alternative to 24-h ambulatory monitoring.
2702	Transmissibility is simply defined as the ratio of structural deflection to input horizontal ground motion.
2703	Although mathematically correct, such results are not physically meaningful -indicating a negative stiffness is required for optimization.
2704	In most cases, the depth of beam, h b , required to generate the coupling stiffness required, k bi , is less than the thickness of a typical concrete slab.
2705	Thus, applying a phased approach with modular or nested models and rolling checkpoints to revisit screened components helps assure appropriate consideration of stressors and effects.
2706	The latter characteristic is considered especially important because multiple stressor problems usually involve exposures to communities or to ecologic regions with many stakeholders.
2707	An example of an assessment end point that is overly broad is health effects among the population in the City of Chicago.
2708	Although this has some specificity with regard to the location, there are many different types of health effects and considerable variability among subpopulations.
2709	As such, they can provide a useful basis for aggregating the combined effects of multiple stressors at the level of a population.
2710	The examples presented in this article have typically involved formal community and stakeholder involvement processes, and steps to include representatives are critical to the process.
2711	The evaluation of combined effects of multiple stressors is more than a technical challenge.
2712	Phased approaches, also referred to as "tiered" or "iterative" evaluations, are commonly used in risk assessments as a means to balance resources against the desire to reduce uncertainty in the assessments.
2713	In-depth, more detailed analysis is added only as necessary to characterize risks at a level appropriate for the management decision.
2714	Those effects might include elevated cancer levels or other health conditions in a community or workforce, or observed changes in the biota of a stream or forest.
2715	In an effectsbased assessment, the receptors and the effects of interest are known, and these define the assessment end points and structure the conceptual model.
2716	Further, it is easily supported by other tools designed to examine associations among variables.
2717	While the SI method currently is being used primarily to identify and differentiate causes of biological impairments in watersheds, the methodology is applicable to any ecologic or human health effects-based problem.
2718	More recently, the value of the effects-based approach for occupational programs was illustrated by the identification of "popcorn lung" disease from worker exposures to multiple flavinoids in microwave popcorn production.
2719	Included are studies of the biological, behavioral, and psychosocial pathways that operate across an individual's life course, as well as across generations, to influence the development of chronic diseases.
2720	Evaluate the individual effects of Apply stressor identification, life course, and epidemiologic concepts individual stressors, as there may be a for effects-based approaches.
2721	Step 4 Evaluate the combined effects of The analysis in the preceding step may reveal that the effects can be stressors without considering the only partially explained by any one stressor and that a combination of potential for interactions.
2722	These have been used for evaluating combinations of factors affecting human health as well as for exploring the effects of stressors on ecosystems.
2723	The design of the assessment will vary to accommodate different purposes.
2724	As with effects-based assessments, stressorbased assessments begin with a conceptual model.
2725	The stressor-based approach has been applied for decades to assess risks of environmental contamination.
2726	While the regression equation can be a useful predictor for the system from which it was derived, its reliability diminishes when applied to systems or conditions that are outside the bounds of the original system.
2727	Can be used to identify relationships when data sets are of different types.
2728	For example, resources developed to support the evaluation of joint toxicity for multiple contaminant stressors include the U.S.
2729	Iterative stressor-based approaches that account for the combined effects of multiple stressors.
2730	Step 1 Develop conceptual model that provides The types of approaches are similar to that for effects-based approaches.
2731	In such cases, these stressors need to be Identify the receptors and end points represented in the conceptual model.
2732	In that case, care must be taken to identify all potential stressors.
2733	This analysis is accomplished by underlying process models and through the use of professional judgment.
2734	So although they can work well for the system from which they are derived and do provide insight into the potential importance of various stressors under those conditions, their reliability diminishes when they are applied to conditions that fall outside the bounds of that original system.
2735	We first compared the sequence of the SNX9-BAR domain with that of well-established BAR-domain-containing proteins, such as endophilin and amphiphysin.
2736	Tubulation ability is indicated.
2737	TCL, total cell lysates.
2738	Live dual-color imaging was performed 24 hours after transfection.
2739	All DNA constructs were confirmed by DNA sequencing.
2740	After washing with lysis buffer three times, the beads fused with GST fusion proteins were incubated for 2 hours at 4°C with brain lysates, which were extracted from rat brain with lysis buffer.
2741	The first patient was picked randomly and evaluated for study eligibility.
2742	Plasma serum lipid levels behavioral and environmental factors such as diet, sedentary lifestyles, urbanization, industrialization, and underlying genetic predisposition are known to play a significant role in its development.
2743	We aimed to determine the prevalence of metabolic syndrome among adults attending the general medical outpatient clinics and identify its major determinants among this population.
2744	All reported P-values were two tailed, and the level of statistical significance was set at 0.05.
2745	Being overweight is culturally accepted as a sign of wealth and beauty and in some communities, young girls are specially fed to gain weight in preparations for marriage.
2746	However, this is not unique to our study as most surveys in the medical outpatients in general and in this region in particular have also reported female predominance.
2747	At various places in this survey, open problems will be posed.
2748	The other inequalities are elementary.
2749	The latter phrase "strong mixing conditions" is intended to distinguish from a broad class of "mixing conditions" from ergodic theory that are weaker than α-mixing.
2750	Analogous comments apply to the other measures of dependence here.
2751	Such facts play a key role in the study of mixing conditions for Markov chains.
2752	For some of the dependence coefficients, there are hidden restrictions on the possible limit values.
2753	Let T denote the unit circle in the complex plane.
2754	Diagnosis is based on a careful clinical history, correct interpretation of anamnesis, and presentation of symptoms, barium swallow, endoscopy, and esophageal manometry.
2755	Several studies demonstrate that this is the best way to treat this pathology.
2756	Two months after surgery, the patient complained of worsening dysphagia.
2757	Several studies tried to identify the agents that may cause the disease; the etiology of primary achalasia is maybe an autoimmune-mediated destruction of inhibitory neurons in response to an unknown insult, in genetically susceptible ones.
2758	The pathophysiology of pseudoachalasia is still not well understood too.
2759	However, none of these paraneoplastic syndromes was associated with mediastinal or esophageal infiltration by the primary tumor.
2760	The number of blobs ejected along a line of sight is also taken to be a random number uniformly distributed between N min and N max .
2761	The computed emergent power spectrum is integrated between 10-10 3 keV, in the observer frame, to determine fluence along different lines of sight.
2762	The fluence distribution function for the model consisting of collisions of uniform shells is similar to the graph in fig.
2763	We have assumed that consecutive ejection of shells is completely random.
2764	Note that the energy of the ejecta has also dropped by a factor of about 4 at this time.
2765	Now we turn to collision of more than 2 shells.
2766	Current observations are consistent with this expectation, however more accurate determination of σ R and larger number of afterglows are needed to improve the statistical significance of this result.
2767	Other subsets of six bursts are used to calculate σ x and σ R .
2768	The blobs are ejected in the explosion with some distribution of Lorentz factor and energy.
2769	In this scenario the emission surface of the expanding shells consists of bright patches, of angular width of order γ −1 , and dark patches; A bright GRB results not because of larger energy release in the explosion but instead when our line of sight intersects a bright spot on the expanding colliding shell, and thus the γ-ray fluence is not a good measure of the total energy release in the explosion.
2770	The finite opening angle for burst ejecta reduces the energy requirement by a factor of 10-100.
2771	Moreover, the dispersion of optical luminosity should be smaller than the X-ray luminosity, and the late time radio afterglow should have the smallest dispersion which reflects the variation of energy in GRB explosions.
2772	The early afterglow light curve should show however larger fluctuations whose amplitude decreases in time.
2773	Finally, as the prompt optical and the prompt X-ray emissions arise in regions which are moving with very high Lorentz factor we expect these emissions to also have a very wide luminosity function, whose width should be comparable to the GRB luminosity function i.e.
2774	The action of these PMN on the epithelium and the subsequent loss of barrier function are thought to be key events in mediating the clinical manifestations of shigellosis.
2775	The intestinal epithelium is a highly polarized structure and plays an important role as a protective barrier to luminal threats.
2776	Since S. flexneri has evolved ways to overcome this epithelial barrier and gain access to the basolateral milieu, we hypothesize that interaction of S. flexneri with the basolateral surface of polarized epithelium may induce additional changes in signal transduction events that have not yet been characterized.
2777	Louis, Mo.
2778	In addition, since CD14 is the surface receptor for LPS and its binding protein, we further examined whether this molecule influenced S. flexneri invasion profiles.
2779	Given that RsDPLA attenuated the ability of S. flexneri to invade T84 cells, it was possible that this reduction was responsible for the decrease in PMN transmigration.
2780	The next studies were aimed at determining whether the ERK1/2 pathway is directly involved in Shigella-induced inflammatory events.
2781	The mutant LPS strains elicited significantly less PMN transmigration than the wild-type strain.
2782	In the present study, we investigated a potential role of LPS in the S. flexneri-induced inflammatory responses by considering the possibility that interaction of S. flexneri with the basolateral surface of polarized epithelium may induce signal transduction events that have not yet been characterized.
2783	Since ERK activation is involved in modulating proinflammatory events, our findings have profound implications on the understanding of the mechanisms by which S. flexneri can elicit mucosal inflammation.
2784	One explanation might be a surface charge difference, since BS109 is a deep rough mutant.
2785	Participants were recruited into one of three focus groups based on career stage, with the study employing criterion-based sampling.
2786	Further issues explored included the level and type of professional support they were receiving in their current workplace.
2787	To ensure participants gave their opinions freely, they were reassured that anonymity would be upheld with no one individual named in the process of collecting, analysing and reporting the data, with confidentiality assured.
2788	Research team members analysed the focus group transcripts independently in order to identify and describe the key themes expressed by participants.
2789	The key themes identified within each focus group included the role of peer support and mentoring, professional development, professional relationships, new graduate employment issues and career pathways within private practice.
2790	New graduates reported increased job satisfaction when well supported and mentored, particularly when the practice owner or seniors were readily accessible and approachable.
2791	A common theme throughout each focus group was the ethical dilemma new graduates face regarding meeting their employers' expectation to make money whilst balancing doing the right thing by their patients.
2792	This study highlights a need for peer support and mentoring of new graduates upon entering the private practice workforce as they are perceived to be underprepared for this sector.
2793	This mismatch of clinical placements to workforce numbers needs to be addressed by the profession if graduates are to be better prepared for employment in this sector.
2794	The results of this study highlighted that the career progression of private practice physiotherapists is extremely varied and appears to lack structure, suggesting an opportunity to explore career development reform within the profession.
2795	Traditionally, ergodic theory is treated within the context of locally compact groups acting on standard Lebesgue probability spaces.
2796	In that case the Polish action will be called a Polish model of the Borel action.
2797	Thus these strongly exotic groups can not admit nontrivial nonsingular near-actions.
2798	Suppose first that we have a spatial model, that is, a Borel G-space with an invariant measure.
2799	We have already seen that this action has no spatial model since G is a Lévy group.
2800	Proof of Theorem 4.1.
2801	Here is a proof.
2802	In cases where brightness and contrast were changed, processing was applied to whole images and controls equally.
2803	In all cases, laser intensity used to image positive samples showed no fluorescence in controls.
2804	The column was blocked according to the manufacturer's instructions with quenching buffer and 50 mM NaCNBH 3 and then washed extensively with PBS.
2805	MSP4A antibodies were specific to MSP4 in D10 parasites but showed some cross-reactivity in 3D7 parasites with an approximately 55-kDa protein.
2806	Subsequently, invading D10 merozoites were labeled with antibodies raised against the four regions of MSP4.
2807	All antibodies labeled invading merozoites on both the intra-and extracellular surfaces in the mid-invasion stage, indicating that .
2808	It was notable that internalized MSP2 MAbs could be detected many hours after MSP2 protein was normally degraded.
2809	It is possible that the internalized MAbs remain trapped between the parasite membrane and the invaginated RBC membrane, despite the absence of MSP2, until the antibodies are eventually degraded, possibly following the formation of a central food vacuole.
2810	Interestingly, MSP2 was immediately degraded postinvasion, with little or no protein being detectable by IF microscopy in parasites fixed for imaging at 10 min postinvasion.
2811	Importantly, both the 3D7 and FC27 allelic forms of MSP2 showed the same phenotype of being carried into RBCs followed by rapid degradation.
2812	It is clear that the tight junction alone does not force the shedding of proteins, as some merozoite surface proteins and antibodies can be internalized during the invasion process.
2813	Our results for internalization of antibodies, and MSP2 and MSP4 without obvious processing, suggest that the tight junction is able to specifically exclude some proteins but not others.
2814	Such an effect is independent of whether FP services are included in maternal health care packages.
2815	These continuous service intensity variables were used as the main predictors in the analyses.
2816	If the hazard ratio associated with the error term is not significantly different from zero, one would accept the null hypothesis that the ANC/PNC service intensity is exogenous in the contraceptive use equation.
2817	On the other hand, if the hazard ratio of the error term is statistically significant from zero, there is evidence of endogeneity and a two-step equation system should be used.
2818	In this study, the age of women at first birth was hypothesized to present pregnancy risks and to be related to ANC/ PNC services only.
2819	The median time between childbirth and modern contraceptive adoption was 5 months among users.
2820	About half of the study women wanted to have more children after the index childbirth.
2821	Column 3 presents results of the proportional hazard model, predicting post-partum modern contraceptive use, controlling for factors that may influence contraceptive use behaviors.
2822	PNC service intensity was not found significantly related to post-partum modern contraceptive use, likely due to the limited measure of PNC service available from the data.
2823	Other factors associated with post-partum modern contraceptive use Among basic socio-demographic factors, women's education, household wealth, marital status, and women's employment in the last 12 months consistently had significant, positive associations with postpartum modern contraceptive use.
2824	Had we had more information on the content and quality of PNC services, the results might have been different.
2825	In addition to ANC and PNC service use intensity, several other individual characteristics that are important for FP practice are highlighted in this study.
2826	The first was with air temperatures of 14°C , 15°C , 16°C , 17°C and 18°C .
2827	We found that the optimal air temperature and humidity facilitated cap expansion, stipe heightening and thickening.
2828	On different days, the optimal air temperature and relative humidity conditions for morphological development of the fruiting body are slightly different.
2829	From the experimental results, the relationships between air temperature and cap diameter, or stipe diameter were single-peak curves; the relationship between air temperature and height of the stipe was a single-peak curve on the first day, and linear on the other days.
2830	Although there was not significant observed effect of varying relative humidity on morphological development, air humidity is almost certainly an important environmental factor for the production of P. eryngii.
2831	A lower-case "e" measured 5.6 x 4.1 cm.
2832	This was done to provide them with as much practice as possible before they encountered the most difficult condition.
2833	Within each display format, sentences were always read before random word lists to provide some practice with the display format and cataract simulators within the easier of the two reading tasks.
2834	These data are shown Error bars are standard errors of the mean.
2835	However, the decrease in sentence-gain with decreased acuity indicates that as the quality of the stimulus is reduced, so too is our ability to use context to facilitate reading, and this was especially true when reading from the RSVP display.
2836	It is more likely, however, that the ability to use context to read continuous text in the presence of visually degraded stimuli requires some adaptation to the visual impairment.
2837	Assess the cost-effectiveness of risk management strategies currently employed for reduction of human and animal zoonotic disease exposure risk; IV.
2838	Additionally, benefit-cost analysis or cost-effectiveness of interventions can be done by comparing cost of disease before and after interventions, but these approaches do not consider the time-dependent dynamics of disease transmission with and without interventions.
2839	Zoonoses affect the individual animal and herd productivity.
2840	Abortions reduce overall fertility of the herd, indirectly determining the number of live animals and production of meat and milk.
2841	Fertility is expressed as number of newborn animals per female animal, in reproductive age per year.
2842	Age-specific mortality is the number of deaths per age group per year.
2843	Prior to simulating the effect of zoonoses on the demographic composition, baseline productivity should be simulated with known fertility and age-specific mortality data.
2844	Microeconomic Impact Both qualitative and quantitative analyses can be used to estimate the impact of zoonotic disease outbreak on income and wealth of households.
2845	Practices refer to past and current actions towards the topic.
2846	It is composed of novel joint methods to assess zoonotic disease frequence in animals and humans simultaneously, economic tools to estimate societal cost of disease and a mathematical framework simulating animalhuman disease transmission, which can be used for comparative cost-effectiveness studies of interventions.
2847	As most of the steps require data collection, such an approach is costly and it may not always be feasible to undertake an exhaustive analysis simultaneously.
2848	One of the critical issues are that most of the time household livelihood or patient-based private cost of disease studies are missing.
2849	Our objectives are to give overviews of the epigenetic mechanisms regulating gene expression, their involvement in the pathogenesis of common musculoskeletal conditions and their potential as therapeutic targets.
2850	Alterations in the epigenome have been implicated in both idiopathic and drug-induced lupus.
2851	Ageing is associated with epigenetic drift with resultant increased risk of inflammatory conditions.
2852	Epigenetics factors have been implicated in the pathogenesis of common rheumatic diseases including RA, OA, SLE, and SSc.
2853	Environmental exposures and ageing are associated with changes in the epigenetic signature and expressed genome.
2854	Of these measures there is no doubt that absolute rest in bed is the simplest, requiring no apparatus, and is also the safest, avoiding the cord damage, often irreversible, which is known to occur occasionally as a sequel to spinal traction or manipulation.
2855	This study includes all patients admitted consecutively to the Neurological Unit of Pinderfields General Hospital within the last 13 years with a diagnosis of acute lumbar disc lesions.
2856	In all patients, however, the present episode was of abrupt onset occurring at a time the patient could clearly define.
2857	The mattress was placed onwooden fracture boards and only one pillow was permitted.
2858	The results were grouped as regression, no change, or progression.
2859	We are unable to compare these results with previous work since no similar estimates have been employed in the past.
2860	In other words, patients who had enjoyed absolute freedom from further acute exacerbation tended also to be free, or relatively free, from chronic pain.
2861	The overall results which are shown in Table VI show a high degree of correlation between loss of work from acute symptoms, chronic symptoms, and the need to change occupation.
2862	Many other substances have been extracted from salvia, including salvinorin B and C; however, they have not been proven to produce hallucinogenic effects.
2863	Salvia is often compared to cannabis; however, considering microscopy, there are many differences, which can be seen in Table 1 .
2864	There is currently no known color test that can be used to identify salvia.
2865	Gas chromatography-mass spectrometry, or GC-MS, is a very useful tool in drug identification.
2866	GC-MS is one of the most common instruments used in forensic drug detection due to its ease of use and reproducibility.
2867	Even today, the Nuclear Medicine service, at least in the larger tertiary medical centres and teaching hospitals, involves a team of individuals that includes scientists, clinicians, technologists, nurses and ancillary staff.
2868	These formed the basis for clinical studies of renal function and cerebral blood flow.
2869	During this period, early deficiencies were recognised and rectified and robust commercial systems developed.
2870	This history overlooks the associated research across the breadth of Nuclear Medicine that has led to the current practice.
2871	There are many active university-based research laboratories that continue to focus on the development of medical imaging instrumentation, image reconstruction and image analysis with many internationally recognised researchers contributing to the continuing development.
2872	Up to 4 replicate experiments were conducted and after colonies were formed, cells were fixed and stained as described above.
2873	Cell survival assays were conducted with our stacked OptiCell ™ cell culture system, and cells irradiated with carbon ion and proton particles.
2874	RBEs were obtained from D 10 values for gamma-rays divided by the D 10 for each ion particle.
2875	In this study, we show that exposure to carbon ions results in cell survival fractions lower than those for protons near the Bragg Peak.
2876	Cu and Cl atoms are shown as large spheres.
2877	Cyclin B-Cdc2 complexes are maintained in an inactive state until the end of G 2 by phosphorylation of the Thr 14 /Tyr 15 residues.
2878	As mentioned, this dephosphorylation occurs by a Cdc25 protein phosphatase.
2879	This indicates that expression of 14-3-3 is upregulated upon irradiation in a p53-dependent manner and contributes to the G 2 block induced by DNA damage.
2880	We show that p21 targets an event in cyclin B-Cdc2 activation different from that targeted by the pathways described previously.
2881	We therefore analyzed the phosphorylation state of Cdc25C in the presence of high levels of p21.
2882	Indeed, we could only detect low amounts of p21 in cyclin B immunoprecipitates, whereas the cyclin B-associated kinase activity was fully inhibited after inducing p21.
2883	As such, the p53/p21 pathway results in an important, independent contribution to inactivation of Cdc2, and lack of this response in certain tumor cells is expected to increase their sensitivity to DNA damaging agents.
2884	Flatfoot in children was noted using generally accepted classification, results of computer plantography, podometry, and roentgenography.
2885	It is necessary to note that mild level of flatfoot in children under 3 years old is less evident, and often they are less seen by parents; this situation leads to late addressing to the doctor while the patients has already had manifested symptoms of more severe level.
2886	As "cementing" component of main connective tissue the HA influences on its penetrability, determines barrier and protective functions of extracellular matrix.
2887	Visible spectrophotometry, because of its simplicity, costeffectiveness, sensitivity, selectivity, fair accuracy, and precision, has remained competitive in pharmaceutical analysis.
2888	The proposed methods have the advantages of speed and simplicity besides being accurate and precise and can be adopted by the pharmaceutical laboratories for industrial quantitative analysis.
2889	The color of such dyes is due to the opening of lactoid ring and subsequent formation of quinoid group.
2890	The influence of pH on the ion-pair formation of Tenofovir disoproxil fumarate with various dyestuffs has been studied using sodium acetate-hydrochloric acid buffer.
2891	Thus, all the absorbance measurements were made at pH 2.8, 2.5, and 2.5 with BTB, BPB, and BCP, respectively.
2892	A systematic study of the effect of foreign species present along with TDF at 15.0 g mL −1 levels was undertaken.
2893	Increasing the quality of health care delivery may require that a health care facility invest in new technologies, which may be costly and often involves a steep learning curve for practitioners.
2894	Although transabdominal ultrasonography has the advantages of easy and fast performance, ultrasonography often has inadequate visualization of the pancreas and is somewhat less sensitive for diagnosing pancreatic trauma than CT 4 .
2895	There were no significant differences in serum tion and placebo groups after 8 weeks of treatment.
2896	Hypocalcemia can lead to clinical manifestations related to neuromuscular, cardiovascular, and mental disorders, as well as disturbances in bone formation.
2897	Proteins are macromolecules, and consist of combinations of amino acids in peptide linkages, that contain carbon, hydrogen, oxygen, nitrogen, and sulphur atoms.
2898	In machine learning, ensemble methods use multiple learning algorithms to obtain better predictive performance that could be obtained from any of the constituent learning algorithms alone.
2899	Boosting in general decreases the bias error and builds strong predictive models.
2900	This divide and conquer strategy combined with the randomized attribute selection strategy automatically weights the domain pairs based on the probability that they share a particular structural level.
2901	A protein is made up of building blocks called amino acids.
2902	This is assessed for each feature by removing the association between that feature and the target.
2903	The influence of the correlated features is also removed.
2904	In our study, each decision tree in the random forest has been trained to predict if the class labels contain any of the three secondary structures, α helix, β sheet, and a coil.
2905	We have decided to further improve the performance by implementing this algorithm in a distributed framework using Spark.
2906	We have performed an ablation study to discover the key features and parameters involved in our classifier.
2907	Sepals 5, broadly-ovate, pale green in vivo, brown when dried, ca.
2908	This means that the size effect is only significant when the thickness of the plate is at the micron scale, which agrees with the general trends observed in experiments.
2909	The main difficulties when dealing with this problem lie in the presence of the nonlocal term and the lack of compactness due to the unboundedness of the domain R .
2910	Then, we have the following main results.
2911	Moreover, according to the sign of second derivative of the fibering map at these points, one knows that 1 , 2 , and 0 are local minimum, local maximum, and turning point, respectively.
2912	Moreover, Proof.
2913	Department of Agriculture documented the lower loans and subsidies they consistently received compared with White farmers.
2914	The best way to ensure diverse leadership for • the sustainable food systems movement is to proactively build the capacity of POC-led organizations to get seats at the proverbial policymaking table and effect policy changes that respond to their constituencies' needs.
2915	The program officer worked with the evaluator to create a guide to help the grantees think about the theory of change for their advocacy efforts.
2916	To develop the capacity assessment form, the evaluator consulted with an expert in the sustainable agriculture and food sector and reviewed advocacy assessment materials from the Alliance for Justice and The Praxis Project, two organizations that build the advocacy capacity of organizations.
2917	These also were capacities considered critical by advocacy capacity builders.
2918	What nine of the 10 grantees developed as they became more immersed in their work was a deeper understanding about the policy environment in which they were operating and the additional organizational capacities that were required to achieve their goals -an important and desired capacity outcome.
2919	Improved understanding on the part of the • grantee staff of the capacity of their organizations and/or their constituents to advocate for policy change.
2920	Grantees were asked to indicate in their progress reports any leadership development activities undertaken to influence agriculture and food policies and whose leadership skills these activities strengthened.
2921	The capacity of these individuals to advocate for themselves and their communities had to be built, because, as members of historically marginalized communities, they were typically unfamiliar with policy development and legislative processes and the language used in the policy development arena.
2922	These grantees' experiences suggest another layer of complexity that relates to the capacity building of POC-led organizations.
2923	Legislative changes.
2924	This experience suggests the importance of crafting a clear message that emphasizes the benefits of locally grown produce for community health and economic well-being.
2925	On the other hand, four grantees encountered resistance or unhelpfulness from policymakers because the issues for which they were advocating were not priorities for the policymakers.
2926	Many grantees encountered what they perceived to be prejudicial attitudes toward people of color during most of their interactions.
2927	Their constituencies were primarily composed of people of color whose voices have traditionally been ignored, drowned out, or given only token recognition.
2928	Second, participating organizations must expose their constituencies to a wide variety of experiential learning opportunities in order to deepen and broaden their understanding of the interconnectedness between issues and communities.
2929	The advocacy function is necessary for these organizations to address the structural barriers faced by their constituencies.
2930	This model will continue to be refined in the initiative's final year.
2931	The SVT, beam pipe and vacuum chamber, and the near-interaction-point magnetic elements are mounted inside a cylindrical, carbon-fiber support tube.
2932	The χ 2 f it value includes a term to account for an observed finite opening angle between the converted tracks.
2933	The data are divided into four energy ranges, as indicated by the shaded regions in Fig.
2934	This functional form adequately describes the background in each separate energy range.
2935	VI.
2936	This energy region, shown in Fig.
2937	The methodology for the evaluation of these uncertainties has been described for the most part in Sec.
2938	Dashes indicate that no value has been reported in the relevant reference.
2939	Some dramatic changes in the atmospheric chemistry occurred in the last few decades in tight connection with the intense economic overall development of the human society.
2940	On an electrochemical gas sensor surface, the detected molecules undergo a redox reaction on a suitable electrode, generating an electrical current depending on the gas concentration.
2941	Specific functional surface groups allow the adsorption or chemosorption of the detected species, sometimes followed by combustion or other chemical reactions involving electron transfer.
2942	The physical parameters used as output signal are very diverse and depend on the sensed species and receptor composition, transducer's detailed structure, detected species concentration range, required sensor accuracy in detecting and/or measuring, detailed design of the sensing device, working conditions, possible interfering between the target species and other gases from the environment, allowed energy consummation, etc.
2943	The most common parameter modified during the gas exposure of the sensing layer is the value of electrical resistance of the layer.
2944	The simple principle of electrochemical detection is respected, and the sensing optimization can be done in line with the desired measurement range, by regulating the gas amount reaching the sensing area till the electrical signal value considered adequate is obtained.
2945	In the case of Diesel engines, in order to avoid soot formation, a lean-burn ratio is used; therefore, an amperometric mode is utilized for oxygen detection.
2946	This relies on the fact that a limiting current, proportional to the partial pressure of the gas, but independent of applied voltage, is reached when mass transfer across the electrolyte becomes limited by diffusive flux of gas toward the electrode, where the electrochemical reaction takes place, generating this current.
2947	The electrons provided by O 2À existing as a mobile species in the solid electrolyte will be released and the solid conductivity increases.
2948	Two distinctive mechanisms were proposed for the detection on the pure and doped oxide, since the ability of Pd to split in atoms of the hydrogen molecule involves its participation in adsorbed state.
2949	Therefore, the authors propose another mechanism for the sensing process, based on the hydrogen splitting on Pd sites, followed by the oxidation on SnO sites and release of a higher number of electrons, suffering a spillover effect: The sensor response is a lot higher in terms of R air /R H2 ratio on Pd-doped SnO 2 and is highly favored by the temperature increase up to 300 C; this is in fact the upper value allowing the hydrogen adsorption.
2950	The prevalence of these two reactions depends on the temperature value.
2951	The tin oxide samples were prepared from SnCl 2 or SnCl 4 , by precipitation in hydrothermal conditions at 190 and 240 C, using ethanol and/or NaOH solution to initiate precipitation, or by the action of microwaves on a mixture of SnCl 4 , NaOH, and ethanol.
2952	The results in the sensing procedure indicate that pristine SnO 2 gave almost no signal without UV light, while the signal magnitude depended strongly on the irradiation intensity.
2953	The electrodes are connected through two pins going to the external interface and thus allow the sensor connection in a resistor circuit for measuring the voltage drop resulting from any current flow.
2954	The amount of gas entering in the sensor depends on the capillary diffusion barrier.
2955	On the electrode, all target gas admitted inside the cell will practically react.
2956	In some applications, the sensors could be frequently exposed to high concentrations of analytes; in this case, it is necessary to ensure an additional oxygen source near the counter electrode.
2957	In the gas sensing procedure, it is important to make sure that the rate-limiting step is the gas diffusion through the capillary, while all other stages are a lot faster.
2958	In some applications, however, the presence of the third sensor brings changes that compromise the sensor behavior, as the cross-interfering gases or zero-offset changes with temperature.
2959	The precise monitoring of the oxygen in the exhaust gas allows the fine regulation of the air-to-fuel ratio entering in the engine and thus increase the fuel economy, produce lower toxic emissions, and reach best engine performance.
2960	The lean or rich mixtures cannot be measured with the simple zirconia cell.
2961	The pumping zirconia disc plays the role of an electrochemical oxygen pump: it evacuates or pressurises the sealed chamber, depending on the direction of current applied between the pump and the common electrodes.
2962	Thus, the engine control unit can adjust very fast with the fuel delivery and the ignition timing in the engine, improving both fuel efficiency and NO x formation.
2963	In order to prevent the deterioration of the sensor, the users should respect the rated voltage mentioned by the manufacturer and use the sensor in the right temperature range.
2964	Moreover, the exposure to excessive humidity, contamination with various chemicals, sudden exposure to extreme temperatures and mechanical shocks are absolutely to avoid for preserving the sensors' work function and accuracy.
2965	Therefore its partial dissolution in the matrix occurs.
2966	The difference may result from a slight increase in stress level in near-surface zone of the grinded sample and of the polished one.
2967	For instance, the governments and local administration must analyze the land use plans, crime rate and many other factors that have an influence on the life in the municipality.
2968	Following comparison is based on documentation to the applications as well as on our own testing.
2969	It supports offline maps and allows to export or import the data too.
2970	All of these can be created or edited right on the mobile device.
2971	All data in the application are divided into different map projects.
2972	This structure has been chosen because it is entirely compatible with the major geographical information system such as Esri ArcGIS and QGIS.
2973	Its purpose is to download only changes in spatial data to spare the data traffic.
2974	Such map layers were then imported into our application.
2975	Hence, they should negotiate conditions before the start of the measurement.
2976	It can save costs by improvement of data precision, shortening the time that is necessary for collaboration of the stakeholders and the management decisions can be more precise and well-timed.
2977	Nigeria is a typical example.
2978	Health clinics offers an array of services, including the treatment of illnesses, tending of injuries and provision of basic immunization services.
2979	There are two main seasons; the dry season lasting from October to March, and the rainy season lasting from April to October.
2980	Temperatures at the coast rarely rise above 32°C.
2981	For this study, only solar renewable energy resources were considered.
2982	Numerous papers have been written about the optimum economic design of PV/diesel systems with energy storage in batteries.
2983	A Hybrid Controller shown in Fig.
2984	Initially, the cost of system components was gotten in Naira from the local vendors and therefore changed to dollars before calculations.
2985	The obtained Tables 5, 6 , 7 and 8.
2986	It is determined that using a hybrid system to power health service facilities is far better than using the diesel-only power generation system, especially in areas where there is no utility power.
2987	It is concluded that, the hybrid PV/diesel system has a high potential for use in power generation at health clinics in Nigeria.
2988	Hydrodynamic performance of a hemisphere is considered to assess numerical procedure.
2989	Its origin is located on undistributed free surface and z axis is directed upward.
2990	Figure 2 illustrates the location of field point and source points on the elements.
2991	A hemisphere is described by triangular flat elements is shown in Figure 3 .
2992	So in the case of Galois extensions, we see that much information is encoded in both the splitting set and the normset.
2993	Relatively little attention has been paid until now to the problem of impurity--related optical transitions for zerogap semiconductors.
2994	Fe ions in HgSe are resonant donors.
2995	In particular, these transitions produce a supplementary structure in the reflectivity spectra, which in the case f small lattice relaxation energy should be placed in the spectral range below the "principal" peak.
2996	The energy distance between two parts of the structure in the reflectivity spectra within an accuracy of the order of a few meV corresponds to the energy resulting from the possible curvature of the Ґ 8 h e a v y h o l e v a l e n c e b a n d .
2997	For the highly doped n-type samples the low energy edge f the "transmission window" in the infrared is determined by the plasma edge, while the interband Ґ υ 8 → Ґ c 8 t r a n s i t i o n s g i v e t h e h i g h e n e r g y " c u t -o f f " .
2998	The peak at 2423 cm -1 is not split into the separated zerophonon transitions.
2999	Thanks are due to Mr.
3000	Sadowski for the critical reading of the manuscript.
3001	The linear response theory is generally used to evaluate the electron transport properties.
3002	Here " 0 represents the lowest energy of the free-electron band.
3003	The decrease in lattice thermal conductivity due to the well also makes the magnitude of ZT-value larger, although it is considered as a rather minor effect.
3004	The magnitude of A was calculated as a function of chemical potential.
3005	The present model has the step structures not only at " step À " edge ¼ 1:5 k B T but also at 13.5 k B T. Note, however, that the step-structure persisting at " step À " edge ¼ 13:5 k B T has less importance because the wider band has a rather large magnitude at this energy range.
3006	Thus, we safely argue that our proposing idea of the degenerated semiconductors consisting of two bands possessing a different energy-width and overlapping with each other near the chemical potential would be a new, effective idea to produce practical thermoelectric materials.
3007	We propose, here, two groups of materials that possibly have an electronic structure in the conditions mentioned above.
3008	If those bands overlap with each other with the chemical potential near the band edge, the materials would possess a large ZT-value.
3009	All dimensions here and further are normalized by the radius of the cathode cylinder.
3010	To provide high image quality, numerical experiments based on the algorithms described in Sections 2 and 3 have been conducted.
3011	To improve the image quality, the numerical experiments have been conducted for different radii of the spherical photocathode and distances from the photocathode to the anode.
3012	Precise determination of the image position defines the position of the channel plate and the length of the device.
3013	The MTF of the overall system, at a given spatial frequency, is the product of the MTFs of the elements.
3014	Figure 10 represents the meridional trajectories of the electron beam near the screen calculated as described in Section 3.
3015	The limit is set by the smallest gap that will reliably hold of the voltage necessary to excite the phosphor of the screen.
3016	The initial energy of the photo-electrons depends on the frequency of the incident light and the type of the photocathode used in the device.
3017	Dependance of the curvature of the image surface and image distortion on the radius of the photocathode and the distance between the photocathode and anode have been calculated.
3018	All dimensions and parameters of the imaging system have been defined precisely and left outside this publication.
3019	Consider also the theoretical swamp in which environmental sociology has long been embroiled: the realism/constructionism diatribe.
3020	This apparently old-fashioned theory can help environmental sociology to effectively address a fast-evolving politics of nature where human intermingling with materiality is taking increasingly entangled and threatening forms.
3021	Yet, things are not so easy.
3022	From this perspective, the material turn results less revolutionary than it seems: rather than a radical departure, it looks a further iteration of the Western metaphysical tradition that Foucault calls the 'analytics of truth': the search for an access to universal truth.
3023	So GWP is simultaneously real and virtual, material and symbolic, a concrete 8 thing and a conceptual construction.
3024	Its peculiarity lies elsewhere.
3025	The fluidity of subject/object positions does not limit but rather expands the scope for intervention.
3026	The intimate and ambivalent relationship of nature and history is at the centre of Adorno's intellectual enterprise.
3027	On the other, the object shows itself only through conceptual mediations.
3028	Constellations do not withdraw from conceptualization but through concepts shed light on the history of objects, suggesting also some of their potentialities.
3029	Theorem 3.1.
3030	Step 1.
3031	In order to obtain the proof of this result, we will use a fixed point argument.
3032	In the literature, the role and the potential impact of Internet on companies and on supply chain operations are not questioned and have received significant attention.
3033	Through secondary data research and literature review, the following research questions were investigated: RQ1.
3034	Finally, the availability of relevant data for those sectors was another important element.
3035	Regarding the width of integration, the Internet has extended the processes upon which suppliers and customers do collaborate.
3036	On the contrary, in the automotive sector the role of the Internet on complete integration has been significant, particularly backward integration.
3037	Finally, in the computer industry, Dell Company still seems to remain the sole example of how complete integration can become reality with customers becoming parts of the extended enterprise.
3038	An more in-depth analysis of the sectors examined, as 13 well as further analysis of other business sectors may be also needed.
3039	Here, the side chains' rotamers are poorly predicted and often their relaxation requires longer time scales that cannot be reached with atomistic MD.
3040	While ligand, binding site residues and surrounding water molecules are treated using an atomistic force field, the rest of the protein is described at a CG level.
3041	This MM/CG method maintains the atomistic resolution needed to describe correctly the proteineligand interactions at the binding site, while allowing a larger conformational sampling and a reduced computational cost compared to an all-atom simulation.
3042	Hence, the experimental mutagenesis data cannot be rationalized by taking into account only the canonical orthosteric binding site, and, instead, the two topographically distinct ligand binding cavities need to be considered.
3043	Given this promiscuity, it is unlikely the orthosteric binding site alone could discriminate this wide variety of compounds.
3044	In a manner similar to the branding of consumer products, organisations are being shaped, or designed, in linguistic and symbolic processes with its members, in a process in which its values, and thus the particular values of their members are being determined.
3045	The identifiability derives from the specially designed packaging, the name or logo, slogan, and other distinctive traits, which distinguish the trademark from both its product category, and from other, competing brands.
3046	In the very last instance, the brand is an intangible, symbolic, and physically nonexisting entity.
3047	In other words, the tangible product may become a secondary thing in relation to the intangible and symbolic product, as in H.C.
3048	The reasoning seems to be that it is possible to make the firm into a brand by expressing its special identity and the special values for which it stands, making these the basis of the entire communication effort towards all interested parties, i.e.
3049	In this perspective, corporate branding makes sense as an attempt to achieve a steadfast basis, and mitigate the heaves and swings of the changing trends in market communication.
3050	Often the arms can be traced back to the medieval period, since when it has in effect served as the town logo.
3051	For these reasons, it would be more appropriate to speak of identities.
3052	Proponents of city branding are usually aware that the product or organisation metaphor may not be completely valid.
3053	Critics object that it is futile to market cities as trademarks as they are not conceived as brands by the public.
3054	The branding of cities and places is thus concerned with creating and profiling a commodity from something that is fundamentally intangible.
3055	The experience economy has changed the focus of our economy away from its traditional emphasis on articles, industry and production to an economy in which consumers are willing to pay an extra price for products and services that hold qualities, feelings, values, meanings, identity and aesthetics.
3056	In commerce and services, the focus is on the competition among the larger towns of Denmark, the aim being to attract customers from the surrounding area and win market shares from competing towns.
3057	A few months later, the branding campaign was launched, comprising a web site, a 'profile' brochure and accompanying manual, a TV spot, which was aired over a period of time on a regional commercial TV station.
3058	Below the image the value is given in bold in a centred headline.
3059	The general style code used is litotes.
3060	Exaggerations on size and centrality.
3061	Neither are Hjørring's facilities unique.
3062	Below, we shall see examples of both uses.
3063	Such epithets hardly reflect the inhabitant's conceptions, or the impression that one forms from observation.
3064	For their use, "a toolbox will be presented, enabling the companies to use Aalborg's values, visions, film and logo in the branding of their own businesses and Aalborg".
3065	Is states explicitly that Aalborg, whose collective identity or 'personality' is to be accepted at face value, is crazy about everything outside the city itself.
3066	This may be read as a statement that this city, as opposed to other cities, is not self-sufficient but sees itself in interplay with the surrounding world.
3067	As opposed to e.g.
3068	In saying that you are 'crazy' about someone or something, you are likewise saying that your identity, behaviour, or entire being, is guided by this other entity rather than by yourself.
3069	This works seamlessly to a certain point, e.g.
3070	They further exhibit certain stylistic characteristics.
3071	This is evident also in the final calls for action.
3072	Also where variety is an essential value, there will be many contenders.
3073	This is what we have termed congregational communication, and it soon reveals its own shortcomings.
3074	Consequently, the conception of a 'popular character formed by nature' does no longer hold true for present-day cities that are changing from a traditional industrial economy to the experience economy typical of the information age.
3075	The traditional mode of thought, as based on the sketched philosophies is thus no longer applicable to city-marketing efforts in relation to external target groups.
3076	This leads to a contradiction in relation to the principal aim in branding a city, which is to emphasise its uniqueness.
3077	Aalborg's logo and slogan attempt to create an identity in which focus is directed away from Aalborg with the consequence that they say very little about the city, whereas Hjørring's logo shroud the symbolic meaning in an abstract graphical code the intention of which only a few will be able to decipher.
3078	The values might apply to almost any other city or town in Denmark.
3079	Another major problem is constituted by the forms of address.
3080	The distance is usually investigated with the help of the theorems which are known as continuity theorems in the literature.
3081	Consider the following system .
3082	As can be seen from Table 2, is bigger than for relatively large values of perturbation, so is bigger than .
3083	Due to an excess of UV emission, interaction models look promising to be compared with Gaia16apd observational data.
3084	The main purpose is to find out which model is the most promising for explanation of bright UV emission of Gaia16apd.
3085	The explosion is initialized as a thermal bomb just above the mass cut, producing a shock wave that propagates outward.
3086	In comparison with the interaction model, the magne- tar model shows differences in the evolution of the latetime UV emission.
3087	For less energetic and less luminous magnetar models the ejecta becomes optically thin at later times and the shape of the light curves becomes close to one of the interaction model.
3088	We thus conclude that Gaia16apd can hardly be the PISN.
3089	It is hard to reproduce the observed photospheric velocity of 10,000 -15,000 km s −1 with the CSM interaction model, but we continue to work on this topic.
3090	Figure 5 shows the relationship between the compressive strength of recycled concrete with aggregate groups A, B, and C and the replacement ratio of recycled aggregate at the same water to cement ratio.
3091	A few individuals were captured at leks using rocket nets.
3092	Mating success: This was the total number of females with which a male mated during each morning display session summed over the season.
3093	With the exception of parasite prevalence, which was analyzed as a binary variable using logistic regression, parametric statistical methods were used throughout.
3094	No display measure varied significantly across years.
3095	No other blood parasites were detected.
3096	Simple bivariate analyses suggested that infections were also more frequent in males than females and in adults than in yearlings.
3097	Overall, these data suggest that the observed levels of Haemoproteus infection neither depressed hematocrit nor increased erythrocyte production.
3098	One possibility is that other undetected parasites or pathogens were involved.
3099	Instead the data suggest that increased courtship activity could be fueled by increased quantity or quality of food intake, since more actively displaying males utilized foraging ranges located further from the lek.
3100	While it remains to be seen whether foraging ranges are causally linked to display effort and, if so, what factors maintain differential range utilization, current data do suggest a basis for individual differences in display that is an alternative to the unsupported parasite hypothesis.
3101	Behavioral performance cues are likely to integrate the effects of many different factors, whose relative contribution to individual variation in display may vary between populations and over time.
3102	One is that parasites provide the main selective force maintaining mate choice, but that there are periods when the process does not act.
3103	Finally it is possible that other forces have resulted in the evolution of these particular mate choice cues and the parasite effects in particular populations are incidental.
3104	In this work we focus on large problems, where incomplete LU preconditioning is too costly or not feasible.
3105	However, HSS iterative methods need the solution of two SPD real systems at each step.
3106	The paper has this structure.
3107	In this case use proposed polynomial preconditioner.
3108	Practice shows that although non optimal, Chebyshev preconditioners perform well in many situations.
3109	The estimation of is the complex task and some authors perform it dynamically.
3110	Typical problems of this form come from the field of electrodynamics, where the involved matrices are complex but not Hermitian and standard methods can not be used directly.
3111	It works as a polynomial approximation of a single step of the MHSS method, but it is successfully applied as preconditioner of Conjugate Gradient-like methods, in particular it is showed how to use it together with COCG or COCR.
3112	It allows students to master and control circuit used in measurement and control systems.
3113	Experiment Module thermocouple, divided into hardware and software components of two components.
3114	As a result of its robust nature, the network traffic to the site is most times heavy.
3115	Figure  1 shows a sample of the web usage data.
3116	It was observed that there are 12 classes, identified in the log files, and shown in Table 2 .
3117	SQL-Injection: described as a method used to exploit web applications that accept user data in SQL queries without first stripping possibly harmful characters.
3118	Some of these attributes are outlined in Table 3 OS Platform: Some Operating Systems from which the access was launched are also analyzed and categorized into 12.
3119	Identifying the three months as Month1, Month 2 and Month 3, the tables depicting the rate of the various resources are shown For Month1, as shown in Table 6 , of the 1,048,573 records obtained, 34 records were shown to be anomalous.
3120	The characteristics of these anomalies were discussed in Section 4.
3121	This is illustrated in figure 9 .
3122	For Month3, as shown in Table 8 , of the 1,048,554 records obtained, 18 records were shown to be anomalous,CSS, SQL Inj, and Unicode.
3123	The comparisons are further illustrated in figures 13 and 14.
3124	Also, it can be used to monitor and study web usage pattern in a particular domain.
3125	These devices provide radio communications, protect against unsafe levels of noise, and provide restoration of ambient hearing.
3126	A G.R.A.S.
3127	The bare-head ATF recordings served as reference measurements for each of the helmet/HPD conditions.
3128	For each helmet/HPD, directional attenuation was calculated by computing the reduction in the overall A-weighted signal level when the device was in place compared with the level in the bare fixture.
3129	Figure 6 shows the overall attenuation of the helmet in combination with the mandible, eyewear, and HPD systems.
3130	All directional measurements are shown as a function of the orientation of the ATF nose with respect to the loudspeaker as measured from the right ear of the ATF.
3131	Given that the measured levels are above the 40-dB bone conduction threshold, it is likely that these are not important.
3132	Figure 12 shows the amplification of the SA microphones as a function of frequency and amplification setting for the noise presented at 0° relative to the nose of the ATF for both ambient noise levels.
3133	These higher frequencies contain the monaural cues that are responsible for localization, especially for distinguishing whether sounds come from the front or the rear and for the estimation of elevation.
3134	At around 450 Hz, the CIPHER helmet seems to show a local notch in amplification.
3135	The actual level under the HPD depends, however, on the amount of noise that is not passively attenuated by the HPD as well as the level of amplification selected by the user.
3136	Figure  20c shows the measurements made for the reference microphone and the ATF without hearing protection.
3137	By adjusting the distance between the PINS and the microphones from 4 to 0.5 m, we were able to reliably generate impulses that were measured by the reference microphone as having 150-and 171-dB peak levels.
3138	The same G.R.A.S.
3139	It also allowed us to estimate the transfer function of the ear canal of the manikin.
3140	An Echo Audiofire 12 recording interface set to a sampling rate of 192 kHz was used for analog to digital conversion and to transmit the signal to a laptop computer where it was recorded using Adobe Audition 3.0.
3141	To make chemical analysis of the coating, glassy carbon electrodes appeared to be the best since in distinct from other metallic electrodes, coating was easily removed from its surface.
3142	It should be emphasized that, even when insoluble anodes are used, alloy can be deposited from the nitrilotriacetic sodium-containing electrolyte in a bath without a diaphragm, whereas, in case of citrate-containing electrolytes, citrate is oxidized on insoluble anodes in a bath without diaphragm.
3143	At the low current densities the authors used to get black spongy coatings, easily removable from cathode surface.
3144	It was proved that anomalous codeposition occurs only when metal hydroxides are formed on the electrode surface.
3145	At low current densities black spongy coatings was obtained which was easily removed from cathode surface.
3146	Lee et al.
3147	Sequences where a noticing was produced were selected for sequential analysis.
3148	A fourth sequence involves a verbal noticing by the child's young sister and then an embodied noticing by the child wearing the glasses.
3149	The recording shows how this leads to several noticings, however, these are not followed by verbal requests.
3150	As shown in the extracts, some produce or products became the source of attention through the child's use of verbal noticing and requests or non-verbal actions such as pointing.
3151	At other times, the recording from the glasses showed the child attending to some product or produce because another child in the family had drawn attention to it.
3152	Researchers should establish that fit.
3153	However, images were still only those selected from a myriad of possible images.
3154	An important advantage over the GoPro camera worn in a harness is that the glasses turn with the head and record at eye level.
3155	One is that use of the recording glasses in public places may capture actions and interactions of people who are not the focus for the research and who have not given consent to be recorded.
3156	The business process model contains all possible sequences of actions with indication of constraints, conditions and admitted results of these actions.
3157	Secondly, it is impossible to prognosticate further admissible sequences of actions.
3158	Thirdly, singling out of knowledge elements requires qualified experts familiar with the processes in the given subject field.
3159	However, the subsequent selection of subcontractors and correction of the sequence of actions also depend on the formal knowledge of the business process and combined with the personal knowledge of executors.
3160	Analysis of this graph allows one to represent knowledge of the business process in the form of conditions and constraints of execution of the sequence of works.
3161	Obviously, the routes in which the rules are fulfilled more often are typical, i.e.
3162	The method includes the following stages.
3163	Stage 1.
3164	Selection of a subset of events E l from the routes p i Îl that do not fulfill the constraints C ¥ obtained in Stage 2.
3165	After deletion of the first sequence of events from the set C ≻ , the dependence e 3 Xe 5 associated with it is deleted and the set of conditions takes the following form: The results of Stage 3.
3166	The greater the weight the lower probability of rule violation.
3167	The value of Z is 19.18.
3168	The state was non-typical since the event e i, 10 did not belong to known completed routes.
3169	In order to achieve the stated objective of the experiment, potentially admissible routes were formed, their probabilities were de-termined and the events of these routes were analyzed taking into account description of the relevant business process actions.
3170	For example, the e 5,9 event is the third event of the route p 5 which performs the ninth action of the business process.
3171	The graph of the process is shown in Fig.
3172	The conditions for the business process are presented by the rules of the NeXt and Future types given in new is characterized by a conjunction from a subset of the given conditions.
3173	Without access to the source code, users can neither customize or optimize them for a specific class of instances of the reachability problem, nor check that the algorithms are correctly implemented.
3174	To overcome these limitations, in Balluchi et al.
3175	Example 1.
3176	Water enters the tank from the top and leaves through an orifice in its base.
3177	Regions of space can be also represented in Ariadne by means of grids.
3178	A set can be represented on a grid as a union of cells.
3179	Hybrid sets are represented in Ariadne starting from hybrid basic sets that pair a location of the automaton with a single basic set.
3180	In the following we describe in details how the continuous and the discrete evolution of an hybrid automaton is computed in Ariadne.
3181	For instance, it can be used to compute an over-approximation of the system evolution for a certain time.
3182	Computing lower-approximations of reachable sets is harder than computing over-approximations.
3183	All these problems should be considered and correctly solved in order to obtain an algorithm that computes a lower-approximation of the reachable set of an hybrid automaton.
3184	We discussed also how to extend it to support lower-approximations as well.
3185	In these courses, we generally observe that students having more prior knowledge easily become bored in first lessons or introduction to each topic and don't listen ongoing lessons.
3186	The content of the learning environment included 7 main sections, with 94 topics and 22 additional explanations.
3187	In the domain model of the system, some topics did not have any prerequisites, some of them had only one prerequisite and the others had multiple prerequisites.
3188	Conditional probabilities among the nodes that include causeeffect relations in Bayesian networks are determined.
3189	If the students clicked on a topic that was annotated as "not appropriate-" in the content map, a warning screen appeared.
3190	Additional explanation and explanation variants methods were used to adapt the content of learning system.
3191	At the beginning of the treatment, two academic achievement tests were administered to measure students' pre-existing knowledge on the domain.
3192	Experimental group assigned to the adaptive learning system and control group assigned the non-adaptive one.
3193	In the second week the participants were introduced to system through a step-by-step demonstration of all features available within system.
3194	Then, we used independent samples t-test to compare content map use scores of students in experimental and control groups.
3195	Another student stated: "It was helpful for me.
3196	The inference of whether or not a subject was appropriate was based on the current knowledge of the student and the prerequisite relations among the subjects in the software.
3197	So modeling mechanisms focused on these two concepts.
3198	Perceived disorientation is a subjective measure of disorientation which is measured by directly asking user to indicate feelings regarding disorientation, using a questionnaire.
3199	This study also indicated significantly reduced revisitation rate for the students in the experimental group.
3200	They interpreted this finding as the link annotations encouraged users to navigate non-linearly.
3201	Adaptive hypermedia, which is a fairly new but quite popular research field, has a great potential for adoption in education, with the capability to present customized pages/links to learners according to their goals, interests or knowledge.
3202	So, this work examined the effects of an adaptive learning system on students' navigation.
3203	When students are engaged in learning activities that require them to find identical explanations by consulting a variety of sources of scientific information on the Web, they need to learn how to do meaningful classification, inference, hypothesis testing, and so on.
3204	For the purposes of this study, a learning environment was designed which provided an online forum for the cultivation of cooperative learning; data queries and animations were also designed for the promotion of science process skills.
3205	Students playing the role of a chief of the water resource institution needed to decide when to enable flood discharge under both typhoon attack and rip-tide conditions.
3206	The data showed that most students chose the model with the total effects of the earth's rotation, moon gravitation, and earth's gravitation to explain the tides.
3207	Knovel created a Web portal from which scientific and technological information from reference books could be accessed in an interactive electronic format.
3208	This core advisory group is responsible for reviewing and recommending published print titles for inclusion in Knovel's e-book collection.
3209	The challenge faced here with sourcing any new reference material is providing the level of specific information required by mechanical engineering, biomedical engineering, electrical engineering and chemical engineering students, researchers and faculty.
3210	A primary component of the partnership is outreach-supporting on-and off-site workshops to faculty and students to facilitate the best use of the electronic product, distributing user guides, and demonstrating the built-in software tools in a live format to convince users of the product's worth.
3211	Other students have queried the Knovel web site about the mechanical properties of gears, how safety pins break, or the properties of steel in steel construction.
3212	The Arthur Lakes Library at the Colorado School of Mines provides reference and instruction services to approximately 4,000 students, faculty and researchers.
3213	The library subscribes to a number of electronic reference books through various vendors/publishers; these e-book titles must be integrated into the library's toolbox and evaluated for efficiency and effectiveness.
3214	The contents of the library's toolbox are promoted in instruction sessions and news releases on the library's web site, and by distributing tailored bookmarks and other promotional materials to users.
3215	In another example, a graduate student attends a library session on thesis research and, following the librarian's advice, checks a library web guide on environmental engineering resources.
3216	Another obvious advantage of a package of e-books is the unified multi-function interface-Knovel is accompanied by more value-added features in its entirety than if similar content was purchased as separate reference books.
3217	The connections made between Knovel and faculty members were key in generating the support necessary to receive special funding for the product.
3218	The present information environment is characterized by the availability of more data, more electronic products, and ever faster and more interactive means of utilizing information.
3219	Vendors can share the same concerns from their perspective, making a common ground with librarians.
3220	Cloud service provider follows pay-as-you-go pricing approach which means consumer uses as many resources as he need and billed by the provider based on the resource consumed.
3221	Thus, they are not fully supportive of the security issues.
3222	In this paper, we propose a secure and no obstructive billing system called THEMIS as a remedy for these limitations.
3223	CNA can get a service logs from SMon and stored it in a local repository for further reference.
3224	Even administrator of a cloud system cannot modify or falsify the data.
3225	Here we are validating the users who are going to access the Service providers.
3226	Architecture diagram shows the relationship between different components of system.
3227	They are heavily used in the engineering world in hardware design, electronic design, software design, and process flow diagrams.
3228	As a business executive, it is vital to know the state of your business-critical and revenue critical applications at all times.
3229	THEMIS significantly reduces the billing transaction overhead.
3230	The formal definitions for these terms may be found in 17 U.S.
3231	A "derivative work" is a work based upon one or more preexisting works, such as a translation, musical arrangement, dramatization, fictionalization, motion picture version, sound recording, art reproduction, abridgment, condensation, or any other form in which a work may be recast, transformed, or adapted.
3232	A work consisting of editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications which, as a whole, represent an original work of authorship, is a "derivative work".
3233	The typical non-software examples are periodicals, anthologies, or encyclopedias.
3234	A derivative work consists of a contribution of original material to a pre-existing work so as to recast, transform or adapt the pre-existing work.
3235	Where two independent works are capable of sharing information, passing such information back and forth through published interfaces or by a temporary connection, such as a pipe, and not by a modification of one of the works by the other work, those works when combined in a single package would constitute a collective work but neither would likely be considered a derivative of the other.
3236	The simplest group of licenses are those that permit the exercise of the rights to copy, modify, and redistribute without limitation.
3237	One solution to this problem, as advanced by Intel, has been to combine the BSD with an express patent license, found here: http://infiniband.sourceforge.net/duallicense.htm.
3238	The same is not true for collective works.
3239	This License will therefore apply, along with any applicable section 7 additional terms, to the whole of the work, and all its parts, regardless of how they are packaged.
3240	This is an important distinction that should not be lost.
3241	Unlike GPLv2, GPLv3 contains an express patent license in Section 11.
3242	This is pretty straightforward and should not be a cause for confusion or concern.
3243	This license includes the non-exclusive, worldwide, free-of-charge patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import and otherwise transfer the Package with respect to any patent claims licensable by the Copyright Holder that are necessarily infringed by the Package.
3244	The final license considered is the MPL.
3245	This would appear to introduce a rather unique, and perhaps undesirable, aspect to the MPL in that any attempt to assert the license with respect to a non-copyrightable change could only be enforced under contract law, not copyright law.
3246	There is one last catch to the MPL, and it arises in the context of the express patent license.
3247	So the mere presence of two software applications in the same media packaging should, in and of itself, never be a concern.
3248	This second premise is true under all of the licenses discussed above.
3249	The mere fact that these program or functions have been aggregated into a single JAR to make them readily available in a JAVA application context does not impute a relationship among the varying contents of a JAR.
3250	If a software application developer decides to build its own JeOS utilizing Linux and elects to export internal kernel symbols for use by the application, the software application and the JeOS may be construed as either a derivative work or a collective work, and the GPLv2, the license applicable to the Linux kernel, would be the governing license.
3251	Use of any ICT solutions has its positive and negative impacts on front and back offices of the public organizations, but use of ICT is strongly affected by the organizational capabilities.
3252	Therefore, in the second section of the article, relation between green ICT and organizational capabilities is discussed.
3253	Thus, this article deals only with the use of a particular ICT technology solutione-Identification -by public administrations.
3254	Also, the comparison of the use of e-Identification solutions for access in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania is provided.
3255	Provisions of the Law on Lawmaking prescribe that from 1 st of January 2011 all adopted legal acts must be kept in the Information System of Legal Acts after they are signed by the secure electronic signature.
3256	The pilot research was carried out in order to correct the guidelines to the qualitative research.
3257	Use of e-Identification cards with qualified certificates that are issued by the state institutions to the citizens or civil servants are not popular.
3258	Such practice overloads and burdens the business sector.
3259	For a resource assessment, before the wave model can be deemed reliable, a complete statistical analysis of the fit of the wave model at the location of interest must be completed, and the implications of any errors found must be thoroughly understood.
3260	The analysis is, however, limited to significant wave height, and does not include energy period which is also influential in calculating wave energy potential.
3261	The grid resolution can be arbitrary in space and time.
3262	The main purpose of plot d is to point out very influential points.
3263	It appears that the variance decreases with the fitted values, which is not desirable.
3264	This shows large deviations from the straight line at the ends.
3265	The purpose of Part 1 is to show the importance of doing a full statistical analysis of the fit of the wave energy model to the buoy observations.
3266	From the data used, the closest model grid points to the buoy were the grid points that did not perform as well, probably due to physical restrictions of the location.
3267	For T e , the model checking plots further confirmed that the predictions of T e are unreliable.
3268	Member of Simulare Medical Advisory Board.
3269	Increasingly, fat grafting is used in combination with other reconstructive techniques, including bone grafting, to improve outcomes in paediatric populations.
3270	All samples were analyzed under a scanning electron microscope.
3271	Conclusion: Our BACS is a useful classification system aiding planning and reconstruction of hand CSPD.
3272	Secondary procedures were performed after a minimum period of 1 year following the muscle transplant.
3273	Major revisions requiring microvascular transplantation of new muscle are rare.
3274	Here, we describe a technique using minimal ADM used in any immediate breast reconstruction up to a full C cup.
3275	Methods: Clinic log books were used to identify all patients who underwent DTI PP breast reconstruction with ADM over an 18-month period.
3276	Purpose: Breast hypertrophy comes with an array of signs and symptoms that range from mild to debilitating in nature including headache, neck pain, back pain, breast pain, painful bra strap grooves, hand numbness, and shortness of breath.
3277	Breast reduction surgery has been shown to have the highest patient satisfaction and improvement in quality of life on specific satisfaction surgery questionnaires.
3278	A priori outcome reporting, outcome definition, outcome domain, measure type, time horizon, and statistical analysis were also recorded.
3279	Results: Fifty-two observational studies met inclusion criteria.
3280	Conclusion: There is a lack of consensus on critical outcomes of replantation and how best to measure them.
3281	The 3 studied solutions are equally effective at sterilizing the dermis.
3282	This study examines oncological safety, surgical outcome, and patient satisfaction in these patients.
3283	Capsular tissue was sectioned into 0.5 cm pieces and incubated in DMEM media with FBS to allow outgrowth of primary fibroblasts.
3284	Primary fibroblast outgrowth occurred by days 6 to 14.
3285	Fibroblasts from all capsule grades were successfully cultured and passaged, except from patients with previous radiation treatment.
3286	While the utility of reducing postoperative narcotic consumption, nausea, and length of stay in hospital cannot be understated, concerns remain as to the whether these blocks reduce OR efficiency by delaying case start time and whether block-induced hypotension is associated with increased intraoperative vasopressor requirements.
3287	PICU and hospital stay were similar between the 2 groups.
3288	Conclusions: This preliminary RMT analysis showed that the 3 SCAR-Q scales performed well with in the New Zealand sample, with good to excellent reliability.
3289	However, a statistically significant result can sometimes rely on a small number of events and the P value may lose statistical significance with only a few changes in event or outcome status.
3290	The aim of this systematic review is to determine the robustness of statistically significant RCTs in the plastic surgery literature.
3291	Four decades of research has shown that a conditioning lesion, or a nerve crush delivered prior to injury and repair, markedly accelerates nerve regrowth; however, intentionally injuring a nerve is unethical and precludes clinical translation.
3292	Therefore, the purpose of this case series is to follow distal nerve transfer patients in order to evaluate the extent of reinnervation and functional recovery beyond the 2-year postoperative period.
3293	Methods: Methodology was registered with PROSPERO and PRISMA guidelines were followed.
3294	Five hundred thirty-nine breast implants were explanted during the study period: 249 saline, 147 smooth gel, 123 Biocell, and 20 other nonaggressively textured breast implants.
3295	Testing was performed after each intervention.
3296	CT scans were repeated following placement of each implant by surgeons blinded to the initial fracture creation.
3297	Conclusions: Patient custom shaped implants show no advantages in terms of shape in comparison with manually shaped implants.
3298	We investigated whether corneal neurotization prevents epithelial breakdown and scarring in a rat model of NK.
3299	Purpose: To identify all outcomes and outcome measures used to evaluate postoperative results for cubital tunnel syndrome.
3300	Results: This systematic review identified 101 studies which satisfied the stated inclusion criteria.
3301	Thirty-one postoperative outcome measures were recorded consisting of 7 condition-specific, author-reported instruments; 4 condition-specific, patient-reported instruments; 8 patient-reported, generic instruments; 11 author-generated instruments; and 1 utility measure.
3302	Charts were reviewed for patient demographics, mechanism of injury, pre-surgical physical findings, surgical related data, and follow-up data.
3303	Results: Ninety-five wrists in 93 patients were included.
3304	This is partly due to the distance between the site of injury and the target hand muscles.
3305	However, whether the donor motor axons are able to grow to the target muscles is unknown.
3306	There was no evidence of axonal growth from the AIN to the hypothenar muscles in any of the patients.
3307	A minimum 1-year follow-up was required.
3308	Analysis included assessment of demographics, electrodiagnostics, objective sensory testing, and DASH disability score.
3309	Learning Objective: Acquire knowledge of a novel technique to enhance sensory recovery in severe ulnar neuropathy.
3310	Specific measures that can be taken to avoid these pitfalls will be illustrated.
3311	We evaluated the ability of early primary shoulder surgery-musculoskeletal surgery about the shoulder prior to 1 year of age and prior to any nerve surgery-to obviate the need for primary nerve reconstruction in select patients with OBPP.
3312	Nevertheless, negative attitudes and perceptions toward pregnancy in residency were consistently identified.
3313	Cl was also stable with consistent scores within specific types of craniosynostosis.
3314	Learning Objectives: Understand the morphometric measurements utilized presently in craniosynostosis.
3315	Furthermore, concurrent risk reducing strategies are an effective option for patients at high risk of breast or ovarian cancer.
3316	Introduction: Autologous breast reconstruction using perforator flaps offers excellent aesthetic outcomes while minimizing donor site morbidity and allowing for precise donor site selection.
3317	Pooled data from these studies revealed 215 patients who underwent intra-arterial thrombolytics for treatment of their severe frostbite injuries.
3318	Conclusions: Plastic surgeons are open to the idea of constructing a breast reconstruction database and that the costs and time required are lower than expected.
3319	The authors also present a review of current BIA-ALCL literature.
3320	This report includes the initial clinical presentation, investigations, pathological analysis, and oncological treatment of the case.
3321	Imaging and pathology were consistent with BIA-ALCL.
3322	Conclusion: This is the first Canadian BIA-ALCL case report describing immediate bilateral reconstruction.
3323	Conclusion: Clinical investigators failed to justify their choice of time horizons in the majority of published RCTs.
3324	With a standardized approach to reporting time horizons in the literature, clinicians can pool more homogenous studies and make definitive conclusions that inform clinical practice.
3325	Purpose: Malpractice litigation is commonplace in current medical practice, and no specialty is spared.
3326	Wound complications have been thoroughly studied in irradiated sarcoma defects; however, little is known about microsurgical complications.
3327	Purpose: Mastectomy skin flap necrosis is a dreaded complication in breast reconstruction.
3328	Although there are some areas for improvement, our experience shows that this technology is easy to use and does correlate with up to 3-week postoperative skin necrosis.
3329	Methods: First-and second-year medical students at Dalhousie University completed a questionnaire on suturing experience, sex, age, handedness, and past training in coordinated upper-limb activities, for example, sports, visual art.
3330	Materials included a pig-belly model, suturing equipment, and a tutorial video in a private room.
3331	Clinicians treating patients with DFUs are unfamiliar with mHealth, but would be amenable to adopting it into their practice.
3332	Inclusion criteria included any patient with an upper trunk NBPI who underwent nerve reconstruction and was capable of cooperating with objective sensory testing.
3333	Patient-reported outcomes were recorded at baseline and 6 weeks postoperatively.
3334	Cell type frequency in joint environment relative to venous blood is reported.
3335	Conclusion: TM OA has a significant inflammatory component.
3336	Methods: Forty patients over the age of 50 underwent nerve surgery to improve shoulder function after a traumatic brachial plexus injury.
3337	Fourteen patients achieved functional shoulder abduction of !M3 postoperatively.
3338	Method: A retrospective study was performed of all patients over a 2-year period presenting to a tertiary pediatric centre with a clinical scaphoid fracture.
3339	Conclusion: This study provides important information regarding the epidemiologic features of acute burn injuries requiring hospital admission as well as insights into the factors associated with burn injured patients and mechanisms of injury.
3340	A standard search strategy was used on journals from earliest entry to January 2017.
3341	Inclusion criteria included adult patients with severe CTS, confirmed by nerve conduction studies.
3342	Review of charts included patient comorbidities, surgeries performed, and hernia and complication rates.
3343	Conclusion: In this study, we show that hernias are safely repaired at the time of AP/PAN.
3344	All patients travelled to Mexico for their surgery.
3345	The most common procedures were breast augmentation with mastopexy followed by abdominoplasty.
3346	All the studies were retrospective.
3347	Multivariable logistic regression was used to model association between baseline risk factors and risk of AKI.
3348	The capillary suction performance of porous media is a subject of common interest.
3349	With major forces considered only, the analytic solutions can be obtained for four time stages, including purely inertial time stage, viscous-inertial time stage, purely viscous time stage, and viscous-gravitational time stage.
3350	Berthier et al.
3351	Santos et al.
3352	Wolf et al.
3353	For solid nodes, the bounce-back boundary condition is used.
3354	The three different crosssections are shown clearly in Fig.
3355	When the whole capillary rise process is considered, the gravity cannot be ignored and the Lucas-Washburn equation is inapplicable.
3356	In the simulation, the equilibrium height for circular, rectangular and triangular cross-section is 58.9, 52.9, and 36.9 lu, respectively.
3357	The results are directly related with the corners in the three microtubes.
3358	This is because of that the gravity can be ignored, and the triangular microtube owns the largest wetted perimeter of the three microtubes, corresponding to the largest capillary force.
3359	Similarly, Ecological Niche/climate modeling has been proposed to act as a successful marker to infer the phylogeographic and demographic histories of mycoheterotrophic plants by Taylor et al.
3360	American Indian people, the first inhabitants of the North American continent, have also been first and longest in their exposure to nuclear power and its effects on the continent and its inhabitants.
3361	In spite of fundamental differences in tone, plot and outcome, Ceremony and Stallion Gate are remarkably similar.
3362	Its protagonist, Joe Pena, is a young sergeant from the fictional pueblo of Santiago who has escaped from the Philippines after the Japanese invasion and who is assigned to be chauffer to J. Robert Oppenheimer at Los Alamos and to be "liaison" with the Indians in the area.
3363	Opposed to the empirical process of truth-seeking, with its probing, testing and measuring, is the prophetic mode of arriving at knowledge, exemplified in story and dream .
3364	One of the witches, eschewing incantations and potions, offered his craft in the form of a story: Okay go ahead laugh if you want to but as I tell the story it will begin to happen.
3365	Much has been written about landscape and the sense of place in Ceremony.
3366	Joe PeDa's mother, Dolores, bequeathes to her son a token of her special relationship to the earth.
3367	Her avatar is Anna Weiss, a Jewish refugee from Germany working for Oppenheimer on the bomb project.
3368	No one looks ahead to after the bomb is used.
3369	Likewise, the development and especially the use of nuclear weapons cannot have been the work of a people with no capacity for evil.
3370	Silko also links dis-integration associated with racism to dis placement that removes people from the sustaining land to which they belong.
3371	In Stallion Gate individual characters exemplify the same greed and paranoid hatred that Silko personifies in the myth ical race of destroyers.
3372	Quist, embodies capitalist lust for profit in her relationship with Dolores, buying pots for a dollar and selling them for fifty times as much.
3373	In an interview Silko has acknowledged that The Pueblo people have always concentrated upon making things grow, and appreciating things that are alive and natural, because life is so precious in the desert.
3374	Although Silko offers a religious vision that postulates an inherently ordered universe.
3375	The combination and interaction between these psychosocial stressors may have contributed to the increased injury and fatality rate of the logging industry.
3376	By using a validated measure, the results obtained from the Montana logging industry can be compared to the results of safety climate assessments from other industries and as a baseline for logging companies within Montana.
3377	Modifications were made to shorten the length of the questionnaire such that it would fit into the time allowed during the safety workshop.
3378	The following five dimensions were assessed: management safety priority and ability, workers' safety commitment, workers' safety priority and risk non-acceptance, peer safety communication, learning and trust in safety ability, and workers' trust in efficacy of safety systems.
3379	The modified SNQ queried loggers regarding musculoskeletal symptoms in nine body regions, missed work due to symptoms and seeking medical attention for these symptoms.
3380	Descriptive and frequency statistics were developed for the demographic variables.
3381	Dimension five, workers' safety priority and risk non-acceptance, had the lowest mean score and, when interpreted and categorized according to published standards, was the only dimension found to not fall into the "good" category.
3382	The data and subsequent results obtained during this study provide a baseline measure of both musculoskeletal symptoms and safety climate, which can be used as a standard of comparison after the application of safety interventions.
3383	Even though the relationship between dietary habits and nephrolithiasis are being increasingly clear, it could be interesting to study the direct influence of dietary factors on genome, through epigenetic regulation of gene expression.
3384	Conclusions: With the exception of low systolic blood pressure, which could aid 25 in the specific diagnosis of water-and-solute-loss dehydration, physical signs and urine markers show little 26 utility to determine if an elderly patient is dehydrated.
3385	Therefore, accurate and early identification of dehydration in older adults admitted to 41 hospital is vital to alleviate ill-health and the significant economic burden of treating dehydration on 42 , and/or urinary parameters 16 .
3386	The diagnostic accuracy of saliva osmolality to detect all 238 dehydration types is displayed in Table 4 .
3387	Whilst showing promise in young healthy cohorts 27 , urine analysis 255 demonstrated no utility in identifying dehydration in an older adult cohort admitted to hospital.
3388	It remains unknown whether saliva osmolality can also identify both 318 types of dehydration in the relatively small proportion of patients in this study taking glucocorticoid 319 medication, in patients with heart failure, and in those with various stages of kidney disease.
3389	There are a few limitations of saliva that we must acknowledge.
3390	The study was funded by HydraDx Inc, who were interested in identifying if saliva indices other than those 358 presented herein had utility for hydration assessment.
3391	We hope you agree that these small changes have improved the manuscript.
3392	Doesn't this affect the usefulness of the screening in clinical practice?
3393	Evolutionary conserved mechanisms allow eukaryotic cells to sustain mechanical and chemical stress that injure the PM.
3394	In particular, the transient distribution of ER and lysosomes to the trailing edge of migrating cells directs calcium signaling and assembly of cytoskeletal complexes that mediate tail retraction.
3395	Are these processes related to the shedding of apoptotic bodies and damaged cells from infected epithelia?
3396	In recent years, small fish such as medakas and zebrafish, have gained attention as new model organisms.
3397	These fish are smaller than rodents such as mice, which reduces required space as well as cost.
3398	They also tend to grow and proliferate rapidly, and large-scale screening can easily be performed.
3399	Among small fish, especially, the medaka possesses an ability to hibernate, has high prolificacy, grows rapidly, is omnivorous and possesses carbohydrate/lipid metabolism functions similar to those found in mammals 5 .
3400	The improvement of fatty liver in humans and mice has been reported in several studies.
3401	Spermidine is synthesized from spermine by spermidine/spermine N1-acetyltransferase using acetyl-CoA as a substrate.
3402	An increase in DHAP consequently suggests advancement of lipolysis 16 .
3403	This suggests efficient transport of acyl-CoA into the mitochondria and subsequent metabolism.
3404	The results of the present study, however, showed that β oxidation of some fatty acids was not changed much by EPA administration, suggesting that EPA is less efficient in decreasing fatty acid levels than L-carnitine.
3405	In conclusion, we evaluated the usefulness of L-carnitine using a medaka model of fatty liver.
3406	All methods were performed in accordance with the relevant guidelines and regulations by the Committee on the Ethics of Animal Experiments, University of Yamaguchi.
3407	Western blot analysis was performed using purified polyclonal anti-human SOD2 rabbit IgG.
3408	We used the SHIMADZU QP-2010 Ultra and GC-MS Metabolic Components Database Ver.
3409	In the statistical analysis, we applied data alignment by Fragment Align using the Pirouette software to perform PCA.
3410	Further work-up revealed a bone marrow biopsy consistent with a plasma cell dyscrasia.
3411	It is theorized that chondromas may arise from heterotopic chondrocytes, metaplastic meningeal fibroblasts, perivascular mesenchymal tissue, or aberrant activation of fibroblasts as a result of trauma.
3412	Chondromas have an indolent growth pattern such that they may have long clinically silent periods.
3413	The lack of neurological symptoms favored conservative management to avoid surgical risks during pregnancy due to elevated blood pressure and the increased rate of intracranial hemorrhage.
3414	The ratio of Cho/NAA ratio was more suggestive of low-grade growth.
3415	The patient underwent a successful gross total removal of the intracranial tumor two months postpartum.
3416	Nevertheless, discrepancies are still observed using the same probe.
3417	As reported in Ref.
3418	Each of these coils is wound around a Kapton tube of 1.5 mm in diameter.
3419	The fundamental resonant frequency f 0 of the whole set is in the range 16 to 20 MHz.
3420	This feature can be ascribed to the decrease of the magnetic London penetration depth due to the superconducting transition 21 .
3421	First, in contrast with irreversibility field data 18 , a negative curvature is observed in both cases as reported in Fig.
3422	Dashed lines in Fig.
3423	This result suggests that, in addition to magnetic London penetration depth, other contributions enter the TDO frequency variations.
3424	This family is composed of STARD4, -D5, and -D6.
3425	The coordinates and structure factors have been deposited as PDB entry 5BRL.
3426	Membrane Interaction by Size Exclusion Chromatography.
3427	Chromatograms are normalized to the major peak for each fractionation.
3428	The labeling resulted in 0.8−0.9 mol of NBD/mol of protein.
3429	One potential explanation for L124D STARD4 reduced sterol transport activity would be protein misfolding.
3430	The number above each bar is the average number of DHE molecules transferred per molecule of STARD4 per minute.
3431	Interestingly, the wild-type STARD4−DHE complex results in a T m similar to that of L124D STARD4, indicating an increase in the level of structural stabilization following ligand binding.
3432	The electrostatic interaction between STARD4 and anionic lipid headgroups could orient the protein into an optimal position to bind and release sterol.
3433	These findings suggested that the loss of sterol transfer activity of L124D STARD4 results from weakened membrane interaction.
3434	We propose that the initial STARD4−membrane interaction is mediated by electrostatic interactions of the basic patch with negative lipid headgroups that orient STARD4 for further rearrangement and membrane insertion.
3435	Apparently, rigidifying the protein structure by the L124D mutation in the Ω 1 loop results in weak, transient membrane interactions through the basic patch and a greatly reduced level of sterol transfer.
3436	Consistent with this interpretation, mutation of the Ω 1 loop in STARD11 resulted in reduced levels of ceramide transfer and membrane interaction.
3437	Interestingly, early work involving STARD1 showed that the C-terminal α-helix was protected from proteolysis when small unilamellar vesicles were present, indicating partitioning into the bilayer.
3438	Over the years, numerous genes have been linked to syndromic and nonsyndromic AVSDs.
3439	The pathogenesis of AVSDs has been the topic of research and discussion for many years.
3440	To fully understand the role of the DMP in the pathogenesis of AVSDs it is important to describe all the components that participate in the formation of the atrioventricular mesenchymal complex and to discuss how these components relate to other tissues involved in atrioventricular septation.
3441	In the normal situation, active proliferation of the pSHF results in expansion of this population between ED9.5 and ED10.5 ventrally into the common atrium using the dorsal mesocardium as its gateway.
3442	Given the complexity of all the events involved, it is virtually impossible to describe atrial septation as a simple series of consecutive events.
3443	The working hypothesis for the study was that the BMP4 expression in the mesocardial reflections was critically important for the development of the DMP.
3444	Importantly, we also determined that, by, assessing the expression level of Lef1 and Axin2, two downstream targets of the Wnt/β-catenin pathway, this pathway was compromised in the SHF/DMP-precursor cells of the Mef2c-AHF-Cre;Smo fl/fl embryos.
3445	Based on these observations we concluded that the Wnt/β-catenin pathway is either acting downstream of, or parallel to, the Shh pathway in the regulation of atrioventricular septation.
3446	If the gradual increase in Nkx2.5 expression in the DMP is the driving force behind the muscular differentiation of the DMP mesenchyme after the formation of the AV mesenchymal complex, and if Nkx2.5 expression is indeed elevated in the pSHF of the Pdgfrα knockout mouse, then premature and ectopic myocardial differentiation of the pSHF cell population should be considered as a possible mechanism involved in inhibiting normal DMP formation and causing AVSD.
3447	Similar to what is seen in these other models, TUNEL staining did not indicate an increase in apoptosis indicating that the SHF/DMP-precursor cells require Tbx5 for proliferation but not survival.
3448	Thus for any user generated list of genes, we can determine if the number of HECS genes for a particular cell type is greater than the number expected by chance.
3449	Increasing the cutoff for the mouse data beyond 15x did not significantly improve uniqueness and only served to limit the number of HECS genes per cell type to act as cell signatures.
3450	For the cutoffs considered for the human data, a cutoff of 15x slightly improves the uniqueness but the number of HECS genes per cell type became prohibitively small.
3451	We emphasize that for both the mouse and human HECS databases, for values greater than 10x the median gene expression, the number of HECS genes per cell type and the identity of the HECS genes do not change significantly.
3452	The genes for each cluster can be uploaded and analyzed in one session to identify the e rate 0.
3453	Therefore, the heterozygote shows poor hair distribution, whereas the homozygote displays total alopecia.
3454	Two downregulated genes, Sfrp1 and Krt71, showed a similar fold reduction in expression with both measurement techniques.
3455	These results were consistent with their expression pattern in vivo and strongly suggested that HR may directly regulate expression of these genes.
3456	Clearly, further studies are required to delineate the molecular mechanisms underlying how HR regulates its target genes and to elucidate the role of Hr in HF development, leading to a better understanding of MUHH.
3457	Bradford assay was performed to quantify protein amount.
3458	The final extension was for 10 min at 72°C.
3459	Moreover, even-order corollary of this theorem also holds true.
3460	We then apply the formalism to calculate frequency dependent polarizabilities and plasmon frequencies of alkali metal clusters of large sizes.
3461	Based on our experience with the calculation of static linear and nonlinear polarizabilities we approximate them by their static forms.
3462	Nonetheless, the results obtained are reasonably accurate for frequencies up to ω ≈ 0.05 a.u.. This is quite encouraging since the experimental measurement of nonlinear coefficients fall within this frequency regime and also the numerical effort required for the hydrodynamical calculation is substantially less in comparison to the wavefunctional approach.
3463	The hydrodynamic approach developed above is particularly useful for systems where an orbital based theory cannot be applied.
3464	Further, various properties of clusters evolve in a well defined manner as their size grows.
3465	We use the ground-state densities obtained by this method as the input for the calculation of response properties.
3466	Next we discuss the results obtained for the nonlinear polarizabilities of metal clusters by the present approach.
3467	As such investigations for larger clusters relegated to the future studies.
3468	This resulted in a disproportionate legal procedure, when the United States government seemed to be concerned with having a landmark copyright case and set an example with Swartz, a persistent and active critic of copyright and digital rights advocate.
3469	Elsevier accused Sci-Hub and LibGen of illegally accessing accounts of students and institutions to provide free access to papers exclusively available on ScienceDirect.
3470	Some supporters signed the open letter 'In solidarity with Library Genesis and Sci-Hub', which compares Elsevier to the businessman in the Little Prince by Antoine de Saint Exupéry, a character who accumulates stars with the purpose of buying more without being of 'use to the stars'.
3471	Sci-Hub's website states three main 'ideas' behind it: knowledge to all, no copyright, and OA.
3472	To the right of the box, it has a button with the drawing of a key and the word 'open' instead of 'search'.
3473	Until now there is no report available on the identification of retting microorganisms through using BIOLOG Microplate system from retting water.
3474	This technology uses software that controls the orientation of the object and formation of layers.
3475	The Coordinate MCAx Manual measuring Arm, produced by Nikon, is a precise, reliable and easy-to-use portable 7-axis measuring arm.
3476	It is a perfect partner for the Model Maker MMDx/MMCx digital handheld laser scanners and Focus Handheld scanning and inspection software.
3477	The CAD model of the religious building is made on the consumer grade 3D printer LeapFrog with the following technological performance: build time 14 hours 34 minutes, filament length 61370.6 mm, plastic weight 184.52 g, speed 225-4800 mm/min and material cost of € 8.49.
3478	The standard method to do so is to put a hot wire in the flow and to compute the power spectrum from the recorded signal.
3479	One advantage of PIV as compared to single point measurement techniques is to give access directly to the spatial spectrum.
3480	As can be observed in both figures, these wave numbers decrease when the window size increases while the real cut-off of the PIV spectrum behaves the opposite.
3481	This is due to the fact that, for a given PIV recording set-up, ζ is constant and thus E noise increases when X decreases.
3482	The present contribution shows an experimental approach to characterize the measurement noise of a PIV system and the spatial response of such a method.
3483	New candidates for magnetic shape memory alloys e.g.
3484	Significant grain refinement was achieved through addition a small amount of boron to e.g.
3485	Instead of that, due to the applied annealing, the precipitation process occurred.
3486	No texture and any spe-cific crystallographic orientation relationships between the matrix and the precipitates were confirmed.
3487	This paper is an attempt to illustrate how theoretical concepts and empirical results from the neurosciences' might contribute to some of the current debates in the psychology of emotion.
3488	It is claimed that although the different subsystems or components operate relatively independently of each other during nonemotional states, dealing with their respective function in overall behavioural regulation, they are recruited to work in unison during emergency situations, the emotion episodes.
3489	These require the mobilisation of substantial organismic resources in order to allow adaptation or active responses to an important event or change of internal state.
3490	Emotions are variously defined as changes in arousal, as innate neural programmes, as responses to discrepancy, as social constructions, as cognitive schemata or prototypes, as action tendencies, as interrupt mechanisms, as epiphenomena, etc.
3491	Different definitions of a phenomenon entad different criteria for establishmg its presence or determining its nature.
3492	Some specific examples will illustrate this point.
3493	Can the neurosciences help to settle the issue concerning the number and differentiation of emotions?
3494	Cognition is also involved in another emotion comporient-subjective feeling.
3495	How can this idea be tested empirically?
3496	Recent methodological advances in brain research have the potential to provide evidence on how many subsystems are involved in emotional arousal.
3497	Although this is still a far cry from determining the unique spatio-temporal patterning serving as signatures for very specific emotional states, it certainly points out the direction for future research.
3498	Recent progress in scanning and imaging techniques has been stunning.
3499	Neuropsychological work with brain-damaged patients might be used to examine the relative importance of different appraisal criteria.
3500	The study on anhedonia by Simons et al.
3501	None of the other appraisal theorists subscribes to a sequential process of checking the various evaluation criteria proposed.
3502	Many emotion psychologists, in fact, seem to be very uncomfortable with the idea of sequential processing.
3503	It is imperative, therefore, to subject the sequence model to empirical tests.
3504	Complex stimuli are processed in thalamic sensory nuclei and relayed to neocortical regions for detailed perceptual analysis and synthesis.
3505	Although these self-report data generally support a differentialist position, they are obviously too imprecise to allow an investigation of the process of emotion differentiation, particularly with respect to the synchronisation of system states within very short time periods.
3506	Similarly, neuropsychological research on affect disturbance all too often uses only a limited set of tasks and assessment procedures and rarely includes precise measurement of physiological or expressive variables that could be helpful in understanding the pathology in terms of processing and patterning.
3507	What would be most desirable, of course, is the intensification of the collaboration between emotion psychologists and neuroscientists, going beyond polite citations of the major references in the respective areas and dealing hands-on, both conceptually and empirically, with the current issues in research.
3508	Finally, we predict the stress state that may be observed in the fault core at 4 km depth with SAFOD.
3509	This weak rheology is modeled using a linear Maxwell model with a low viscosity of 10 19 Pa s.
3510	Case 4, which assumes a high friction for only the shallow fault also leads to b of 83°in the far field and would thus be consistent with the regional stress data, but is inconsistent with the pilot stress orientations at 2 km depth.
3511	M means that a constant viscosity of 10 19 Pas is used.
3512	In the far field, a cold and strong lithosphere supports higher differential stress at depth while, in the near field, a higher heat flow forces higher differential stress to be mainly restricted above 20 km.
3513	The SAFOD project will provide additional stress data from greater depth and directly within the San Andreas Fault Zone, making it possible to further constrain this and other model predictions.
3514	Remarkably, we show that the polaritonic band gap, the dielectric function and the reflection coefficient of the metamaterial can be significantly modulated by the polarization of light.
3515	Along this direction, we have recently exploited the tunability of the near-field interactions in two-dimensional honeycomb arrays of metallic nanoparticles.
3516	As will be shown later, this feature is at the very heart of the tunability of the polaritonic band gap, of the dielectric function and of the resulting reflection coefficient of the metamaterial with the polarization of light.
3517	As a result, energy oscillates back and forth between the two subsystems, such that the semiclassical view of absorption processes is not appropriate.
3518	Thus the dielectric function of the metamaterial in Eq.
3519	Plenty of questions have been studied on this model, in particular for the Z 2 -periodic case with square obstacles.
3520	The class of surfaces we obtain are called half-translation surfaces.
3521	It is a double cover.
3522	This is the basis we will be using to express equations of billiard families.
3523	Definition 2.
3524	Taking out the countably many such subset of B, the set of remaining points is of full Lebesgue measure and the orbit closure of each of these points is L 0 .
3525	This lemma will enable us to show that restrictions on the directions of the sides of obstacles do not interfere with the orbit closure.
3526	Once we have conjectured what the generic orbit closure of our billiard should be, our goal will consist in finding a surface in the family that has some good cylinder decomposition.
3527	Choose a layout for n rectangular obstacles in the plane, all oriented in the same horizontal direction.
3528	The first argument relies on Lemma 4 and the second on Lemma 5.
3529	Obstacles with many right angles.
3530	We observe that it goes to 1/2 when n → ∞.
3531	Proof of Lemma 1.
3532	Which shows the Lemma.
3533	More specifically, in addition to a regular response model, a different second-level model is adopted for each family representing its distribution of item parameters, which will be taken to be multivariate normal.
3534	The article concludes with some practical observations regarding the use of optimal test design for rule-based item generation.
3535	This type of information function can be used to assemble test forms from a pool with items pregenerated by the computer and individually calibrated upon their generation.
3536	The test forms are assembled from the pool using the regular item-information functions calculated from the estimated item parameters.
3537	The items are then generated by random application of incidentals.
3538	Given the potentially large numbers of different items that can be generated from the families, this fully automated type of test generation on the fly offers the advantage of giving each test taker a unique test.
3539	For each case, the type of MIP model that can be used is discussed.
3540	The evaluation exists of two different parts.
3541	The variability of the item parameters within a family has a potentially large impact on the value of the family-information function in Equation 6.
3542	These shifts can be explained by the fact that larger guessing parameters result in less information.
3543	This can be explained as follows: Increasing within-family variance means increasing the variance in the information in its items as well, from which the most informative items are selected.
3544	Doubling the number of items per family, I f , led to a slight increase in the values of the objective function for the assembly from a pregenerated pool, but the results remained approximately the same for the case of test generation from a pool of Calibrated Families.
3545	The effects of the increase in withinfamily variability can be seen by comparing plots in different rows.
3546	Three different cases of test design were discussed, with each next case offering an increase in flexibility of automated test generation but at the cost of an increasing number of model assumptions.
3547	In this case, the effect only occurs due to any imprecision with which the family parameters are estimated.
3548	The data collected in this work clearly show that the modulation of the physical properties of CAWs can be driven by endgroups over a rather wide range.
3549	Further explanations about the rationale of this method are given in Ref.
3550	Alfalfa seed was broadcast.
3551	Similar Data Analysis values were observed at the start of the trials.
3552	The analysis of yield data across years began in 1993, after script describing soil quality differences due to rotation the first complete cycle of the 4-yr rotation had occurred.
3553	Weed control, particularly in soybean, and OI strategies had 4, 4, 5, and 9 subplots with SCN, respectively.
3554	Diseases associated with soybean may have was especially problematic from 1997 through 1999 in the OI strategies, partly because in 1997, there were been more of a problem in the 2-yr rotation than in the 4-yr rotation, resulting in some of the observed yield continual wet field conditions in June and early July that precluded timely rotary hoeing and cultivation.
3555	As fertility status of the two trials.
3556	There was no alfalfa yield difference be- tween the OI strategy and the HI strategy in V2 where, significantly affect their economic returns.
3557	The decision-making process on when and how to SUMMARY conduct certain field operations proved to be very challenging in these trials.
3558	These results are consistent with those of several other studies conducted at manure application.
3559	In this paper we presents a novel hand gesture recognition system based on ultrasonic ranging.
3560	De-cluttering is used to remove the self-interference and other unwanted reflections from static and slowly moving objects.
3561	In parallel, we also performed a calculation using STO-3G minimal basis set for all atoms of the cluster and found qualitatively similar results for all charge states of the cluster.
3562	In different charge states of the defect, the eigenfunction of the highest filled energy level was cut off at the fourth neighboring atoms, and the weak tail of the wavefunction on the fourth neighboring and farther atoms is neglected.
3563	The increment reaches its maximum value just at the surface carbons.
3564	Although surface saturators eliminate undesirable band-gap states, the difference between the electron-affinity of carbon and hydrogen induces undesirable negative charge into the volume of the cluster.
3565	As one can see from these figures, the trend of variation of charge on each neighboring shells of atoms around the vacancy is the same for all investigated charge states of the vacancy.
3566	On the third neighboring shell of atoms we observe a slight increase in the localized charge by the outward relaxation.
3567	Therefore, we expect a small magnitude of vacancy electron delocalization in diamond.
3568	Our result agrees well with this experimental conclusion.
3569	This contrasts with the inward relaxation and favors the outward lattice relaxation of NN atoms.
3570	In this case, this did not impair the results of treatment.
3571	Ziegler 18 likewise reported a system using a compressed open spring between the first mandibular molars and the second, mesially inclined in retention, onto which an attachment system was fitted.
3572	Resolution of posterior crowding allowed spontaneous progression of both second molars.
3573	The first premolars were extracted.
3574	Miao et al.
3575	Ma et al.
3576	A chain connecting the button to the hook on the modified transpalatal bar enables distalizing traction.
3577	Sohn et al.
3578	Surgical exposure was associated to dislocation.
3579	The importance of good anchorage should be kept in mind, to avoid and anticipate parasitic movements, being fully aware of the effects of the mechanical system used.
3580	However, due to the large number of possible variations, it is not simple to find out the optimum doping amount and calcination temperature at the same time.
3581	It was noted that there was no detected MoO 3 phase.
3582	All the samples consisted of highly crystalline and compact nanoparticles.
3583	Mo-doped TiO 2 photochemical catalysis was shown to be an efficient method for degradation of methylene blue under visible light, especially under solar light.
3584	The resulting I 3 − diffuses to the Pt-counter electrode, where it is reduced.
3585	Then, keeping it in ice-cold water, equimolar LiOH · H 2 O was added to it, and the hydrolysis was allowed to continue for half an hour keeping the container in an ultrasonicator.
3586	The deposited films were air dried and then the adhesive tapes were carefully removed.
3587	For studying the performance of test dye on ZnO thin-film electrode sandwich type cells were fabricated.
3588	This may also be the result of slowness of dye regeneration process as compared to charger carriers' injection by excited dye molecules.
3589	This section does not discuss the new reform in its entirety.
3590	According to the latter provision, the State is called to remove the social and economic obstacles that limit the freedom and equality of the citizens and prevent the full development of the human being.
3591	In 2010, Law No.
3592	A recent case, which was decided by the ICC, reaffirmed that the right to education of people with disabilities must be effectively ensured, and that financial constraints cannot undermine the enjoyment of this fundamental right for people with disabilities.
3593	The ICC, in line with its decision No.
3594	However, it does not mention augmentative and alternative forms of communication.
3595	The process of approval was relatively short, but not smooth.
3596	Some provisions of the Decree have a limited innovative character, being more aimed to clarify and put order in what was already provided in various and scattered existing pieces of legislation.
3597	The Decree however, presents undoubtedly, a number of positive innovative features, which nevertheless bring limited changes to the current system.
3598	Notably, school inclusion will now form integral part of the overall evaluation process of the quality of school institutions.
3599	It requires support teachers to acquire a more solid grounding in social inclusion, after the achievement of the qualifying degree in education as a basic requirement for the teaching function.
3600	They have provided an important example of the role judicial institutions can play in the realization of more equitable and accessible educational settings, and in ensuring that a progressive legislation is actually implemented.
3601	The ratification of the CRPD has also made evident the need to fully align Italian educational policies with Article 24 CRPD.
3602	However, the new Law No.
3603	In compliance with the principles set forth in Law No 107/2015, Decree No.
3604	In order to achieve a sustained success, organizations have to be aware of the changing conditions and able to respond accordingly.
3605	Among others, leaders have an impact on employee attitudes, which has the potential to create changes in employees' future behaviors.
3606	Leadership, again, is one of the factors decreasing such impact of turnover intentions on organizations.
3607	Laissez-faire leaders refrain from leading, and they are not interested in supporting or improving either their followers or organization.
3608	Organizational diagnosis does not only concern about problem elimination, but it also requires realizing changes and adopting new directions.
3609	According to the model, purpose, similar to mission, refers to the business of the organization.
3610	Structure refers to the work division within an organization, which describes the formal relationships between the functional levels of an organization.
3611	According to the model, adequate notice means informing employees about the performance appraisal system and its effects prior to the implementation of any formal appraisal.
3612	Therefore, authors such as Harris et al.
3613	The responses of the participants were analyzed and interpreted by using SPSS for Windows 22.00, and AMOS 22.0 software programs.
3614	Although there has been a vast amount of research on leadership, its influence on performance appraisal satisfaction is scarce to the best of our knowledge.
3615	In this sense, transformational leaders are known to set clear goals and a clear vision, which may be considered suggestive of an impact on the organizational diagnosis system.
3616	By this way, the impact of different organizational concepts on both the leadership perception and organizational change can be examined.
3617	This would help organizations to adopt effective human resources practices in order to avoid losing talented employees.
3618	Four stimulations were applied per year.
3619	The highest susceptibility to TPD was recorded in clones PB 235, PB 260, and IRCA 130.
3620	In addition, in almost all clones, the tapping panel dryness observed on tapping cut length of trees stimulated 2 or 4 times per year were lower or equivalent to those from non stimulated ones.
3621	With clones PB 235 and PB 260, this increase started from four stimulations per year, whereas with clones IRCA 41 and PB 217, this dryness remained low after 26 stimulations.
3622	If the correlation between TPD, yield and protein profiles observed on old trees are perceptible in nursery, 35 and 32 KDa protein could become criteria for early selection of high yielding clones less susceptible to TPD.
3623	All reagents were purchased from Aldrich or Alfa-Aesar and used without further purification unless otherwise stated.
3624	Accurate breast cancer diagnosis is essential to implement successful treatments and to improve the patient's quality of life.
3625	In the adopted internal water referencing method, the water peak of the unsup-pressed spectra coming from the same voxel is used as an internal reference.
3626	The test can be classified as good.
3627	By contrast, MRS study of the Choline peak as marker of malignancy manifests a higher precision in classifying false positive, but the true positive score is worse than in DCE classification.
3628	From its perspective, a strong central government would necessarily make claims to redistribute access to resources that the army and local elites controlled, basically the outcomes from the exploitation of rural workers.
3629	Yet, factions within the opposition had no incentive to unite against weak governments.
3630	Such logic had been the rule of politics in Haiti before and after the American occupation.
3631	They prevented military takeovers, and invested in establishing the institutional grounds for a stable democratic system.
3632	According two-part piece presents a new understanding of the consolidation of Duvalier's regime.
3633	In the formal model, the idea of strategic feint relates to the kind of pure strategy that D adopts: the pooling equilibrium.
3634	The latter claims that since 1946 Haiti had gone through a crisis of hegemony, that weakened the domination of the Mulâtre elite and opened the way for the rise of a new dominant class, the Noirs.
3635	Moreover, the sole focus on supposedly determinant cultural factors denies the importance of political institutions in the Haitian history.
3636	Social unrest prevailed.
3637	The influence of a clandestine civilian network of support to Duvalier was a second factor that contributed to the 1957 electoral results.
3638	Under the supervision of American marines, a group of Haitian military officers kidnapped and sent him to exile to Miami.
3639	He had connections within the army and landowners from Cap Haïtien, and had been a close ally of the United States and the Dominican Republican.
3640	A rich and ambitious Mulâtre, he had been an influential politician and had a vast network of supporters, especially among businessmen in Port-au-Prince and landowners in his home region, the South, which was run autonomously from the government.
3641	Society had been put under control and supervision of a civil militia, comprising the former Cagoulards, who were given full local powers and preemptive amnesty for crimes they might commit.
3642	The Haitian armed force was almost fully organized and answerable directly to the president.
3643	The major attack came from Cuba, where Déjoie and Fignolé had gone through military training; coming in a boat, a group, including Cuban revolutionaries, attempted to create a guerrilla in the Massif du Sud.
3644	With American advising, Duvalier's troops were able to hunt down the group and, in August 22, the guerrilla attempt was over.
3645	In this letter, we report terahertz emission from InAsbased DMS samples.
3646	Our terahertz emission spectrometer uses a reflection configuration.
3647	Terahertz radiation is emitted from the samples in the specular reflection direction and detected using electro-optic sampling in a 1-mm-thick ZnTe crystal.
3648	When cooling down the sample from room temperature, the amplitude of terahertz radiation signal decreases only slightly until ϳ100 K. Starting from this point, the amplitude decreases more rapidly, and eventually the polarity reverses at a temperature of ϳ57 K. We observe no significant effect of the polarization of the incident optical beam, which indicates that optical rectification does not contribute to the signal at these excitation densities.
3649	As the temperature decreases further, the photo-Dember effect becomes the dominant mechanism.
3650	We use a simple model to analyze the transient photoinduced current.
3651	In this study, this electrical power is offered by the excess Fig.
3652	This hydrogen is piped through a compressor into special tanks that withstand high pressures.
3653	Moreover, the financial analysis of technologies using hydrogen and their direct comparison with diesel generators for a stand-alone system is essential.
3654	For this reason, and because CO 2 emissions are also included, the economic study was finalized by custom calculations without using HOMER software.
3655	This software was used to specify the systems' energy calculations while the costs were calculated separately for each component and then appropriately summed to obtain the final budget.
3656	Three steps are involved from hydrogen production to consumption; thus, power losses increase and the electricity required to charge the hybrid storage system has to be a level higher than in the diesel generator system.
3657	Further economic results are presented in Fig.
3658	Each application of V n moves the entries with even index two spaces to the left, those with odd index 2n spaces to the right.
3659	Lemma 3.
3660	Examples with the same conclusion can be found with any preassigned index.
3661	In this respect, the analysis of filmic productions that deal with transnational issues in terms of production, setting and thematic content become extremely relevant from a cultural perspective.
3662	Following a cultural studies methodological approach, this article intends to analyze Chadha's cinematic production within the context of South Asian transnational cinema and thus unveil the competing meanings and interpretations the film offers when set against its globalized cultural background.
3663	Both Sen and Weedon agree on the fact that identities are constructed relationally and that are culturally and historically contingent.
3664	This instability is what characterizes global societies in "liquid modern times", to use Bauman's words.
3665	By appropriating this particular novel by Jane Austen, Chadha puts to the test the prejudices that hierarchal structures of power generate.
3666	Accordingly, Chadha's production carefully portrays the lives and splendor of the upper classes, highlighting the details of the in-house decorations of the settings where the different dances and wedding ceremonies take place.
3667	London glows as seen from the London Eye, and Los Angeles, in turn, is shown as a modern and cosmopolitan place, with skyscrapers seen from a helicopter, luxurious hotels, and beautiful beaches.
3668	This reference to Hollywood is also patent in the romantic plot and happy ending, which follow the conventions of a U.S.
3669	She imagines herself "dressed in white 8 " in her wedding and living "the land of Her Majesty".
3670	After contemplating the city through Darcy's eyes, she becomes aware of the plurality of identities that cohabit in the United States, and that her view of all Americans as imperialists does not stand for "real America".
3671	Nevertheless, it is love that makes them gain more interest in avoiding prejudices and getting to know the complex realities of different countries and peoples.
3672	Although Wickham turns out to be the wrong partner for both sisters, Lakhi's love for him makes her an enthusiast in getting to know the Other's culture.
3673	On the performance side we at Cambridge are developing a range of such portable devices covering a number ofhuman abilities, for example, reaction time, short-term memory, vigilance, tracking, and calculation.
3674	Physiological Basis of Stress It is essential that the cells of an organism are maintained in a relatively constant environment if life is to be sustained.
3675	Selye has further shown that, no matter the type of stimulus, the physiological responses of the animal are largely stereotyped.
3676	Work carried out in the last two or three years on mammals and, latterly, on birds now indicates that glucagon may also have an important role in the alarm response.
3677	Moreover glucagon is at least 100 times more potent on a molar basis, than noradrenaline or adrenaline in stimulating lipolysis.
3678	This suspicion has now been confirmed directly.
3679	While the function of glucagon as a stress hormone in the mammal is, as we have already seen, probably to mobilize glycogen, its function in the avian alarm response is quite different.
3680	If it continues, however, or is of sufficient intensity even though it is short-lived, the hypothalamohypophyseo-adrenal axis will be activated.
3681	In such circumstances, the opportunities hardly exist for a physiologist to demonstrate that a particular environment is better avoided because it will impose an intolerable stress upon the animal; for while it may be adduced that there is enhanced adrenal activity it is quite another matter to say whether the animal will successfully adapt or succumb.
3682	He also put forward the idea of stress responses being related to several diseases, including hypertension.
3683	The predominant response observed was an increase in noradrenaline secretion, which resulted in a rise in blood pressure and plasma lipid levels.
3684	Association rules can be used to predict attributes of any kind, not just class ones.
3685	In other words, the exact topology of the input space is unknown.
3686	This will lead not only to the patient's empowerment, but it will also lead to the realization of the long-awaited therapeutic alliance between caregiver and doctor who has taken care of him, limiting inappropriate interventions.
3687	The encoding of such data will be accompanied by the codification of the outcome of some related specialist examinations.
3688	According to the book review, we believe that all the available data will never be completely free of bias and in any case it will be necessary to adopt preprocessing techniques including resampling.
3689	In a future in which the personal, health-related and environmental information of each individual will be contained within a "personal data cloud" it will be possible to analyse in real time all this amount of data in order to provide people with useful coaching suggestions on how to improve their health preventing chronic disorders.
3690	Data mining and knowledge discovery processes do not follow precise rules.
3691	The CUBES framework articulates three critical components of behavior change.
3692	These drivers either hinder or facilitate progression along the stages of change.
3693	For example, delivering a child in a health facility is a one-time behavior, for which intention, goals, and beliefs matter greatly, but exclusive breastfeeding after the child is born is close to a habit, which after initiation does not require a woman to form the intention from scratch every single time.
3694	Adapting the Social-Ecological Model 8, 35, 36 , social norms and customs influence individuals in an ecosystem in several layers, and the central tenet of a norm is that deviating from it invites judgment or other negative consequences.
3695	Psychology Stages of change extended to repeat behaviors.
3696	Neglects individuals, focus on theoretical level rather than testing components' explanatory value.
3697	Policies and laws constraining behavior can exist on several levels, from national laws to facility-level guidelines.
3698	Personality traits are not often included in models of behavior-not even in the Theoretical Domains Framework, which includes the perhaps most comprehensive list of barriers and facilitators 60 -but they can strongly influence an individual's propensity to engage in and maintain health behaviors 61, 62 .
3699	Such models often do not attempt to predict single instances of behavior, which has been shown to be much less reliable 61 .
3700	Following from the Social-Ecological Model 8, 35, 36 , influencers surround an individual in layers.
3701	These strategies complement each other: qualitative methods are best suited to exploration and capturing nuances, whereas quantitative methods are indispensable for discovering patterns and weighing the relative importance of different drivers, which is essential for developing interventions that address the barriers that matter.
3702	The right method will depend on what type of data needs to be captured, and whether the purpose of research is exploration or testing specific hypotheses.
3703	Choosing the right type of method for different stages of research Research methods can be divided into descriptive, experimental, and simulated approaches; the last two are relatively underused in global development.
3704	However, they lack the ability to survey a broad spectrum of factors at once that exploratory methods provide.
3705	Expanding the descriptive toolkit Journey mapping.
3706	Observation.
3707	Survey design is a broad field with a large array of approaches.
3708	Many studies show some predictive value of the OCEAN model's 'Big Five' personality traits on health behaviors 61 , especially conscientiousness 62 .
3709	Responses may therefore be compatible with the participants' sense of self rather than their actual behavior.
3710	For example, in Uganda, researchers mapped the process of obtaining a diagnosis for tuberculosis through provider and patient networks, and the steps where delays were most common could be identified 85 .
3711	More analog data sources can also help generate insight, as in an analysis of Kenyan newspaper articles about voluntary medical male circumcision, which provided insight on the types of risks that were presented to readers 88 .
3712	From participant choices, a model can be built showing which level and which combinations of a product's features predominantly drive decisions, where the tipping points of certain preferences lie, and forecasting product market share.
3713	Figure 2 depicts the process of setting the research agenda, generating insights, and designing and optimizing interventions that programs can use, depending on the knowledge level at the start of the research process.
3714	First, when programs define a target behavior to be changed, they can evaluate existing evidence against the components of the CUBES framework.
3715	If rich descriptive data is already available, and so a limited set of specific hypotheses around limited drivers can be formed from the outset, programs can directly skip to this step.
3716	VMMC is a highly cost-effective intervention for preventing HIV acquisition that is being scaled up in eastern and southern Africa 5,100 .
3717	The achievement of the program's ambitious targets necessitated shifting the behavior of many men in the community who either did not consider circumcision, or if they did, did not take action.
3718	A synthesis of previous studies revealed a variety of existing insights on many behavioral drivers, such as concerns around pain, complications, or cost, as well as patterns of influencers 101 .
3719	The existing studies could not answer why there was a strong intention-to-action gap.
3720	Some approaches, such as different types of observation and self-report, are already wellestablished in global development, but using CUBES to structure the components of insight generation ensures that programs can design tools in a systematic way, ultimately saving time and money.
3721	Implicit attitude test can be considered as a complementary method to self-report when strong biases are presumed to be at play, and simulations modeling complex systems provide programs with a way to estimate the importance and interaction of multiple drivers, as well as test 'what-if' scenarios.
3722	The true test of time will lie in whether programs judge CUBES to be useful in increasing intervention fit, as well as effectiveness at reaching target outcomes, as we have found in our own programs.
3723	The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.
3724	Make it easy: I would urge the authors to simplify the framework and drive to cognitive ease so that practitioners can easily adopt it.
3725	Create more detail and specificity on the design process: The article has a lot of emphasis on the research process to generate insight.
3726	The transmitter can be carried in the pocket.
3727	An elliptical water phantom prepared as a scattered radiation source was used for simulating the patient.
3728	The setup used was the same as that described in Section 2.2 and Figure 4 .
3729	Based on these results, we infer that the energy characteristics of this dosimeter can be kept constant by adjusting the dose equivalent conversion coefficient for each channel.
3730	Artificial intelligence techniques form the basis of non-deterministic approach.
3731	The algorithm is enhanced with levy flight search approach than normal isotropic random walks and by far efficient than PSO and GA.
3732	The proposed method was tested on 13-unit system with valve point loading effects having a total load demand of 1800 MW and 2520 MW, 20-unit system with quadratic cost function and transmission losses and systems with multiple fuel options and valve point loading effects.
3733	GWO is simple to implement with fewer parameters and faster convergence.
3734	The work recommended that the proposed approach should be applied to economic emission dispatch where multi -thermal units and multi -pollutants are considered.
3735	In their work, new solutions were generated with the aid of Gaussian and Cauchy distributions alongside with ELD optimization constraints.
3736	The computational time obtained with the proposed methods was faster and lightly slower than CGA-MU, NPSO-LRS, CSA-Lévy and NPSO-LRS.
3737	A comparative analysis of the three methods was done using 62-bus Indian utility system with a total load demand of 2300MW.
3738	The work concluded that CSA had ability to provide global solution and high convergence rate both for small and large scale systems.
3739	The effectiveness and feasibility of the proposed method was tested on 3 and 6 thermal units having a total load demand of 800 MW, 1200 MW and 1800 MW.
3740	The result obtained with the proposed approach was compared to that of PSO using minimization fuel cost and emission as performance metrics.
3741	The simulation result from MATLAB for the proposed approach was compared to that obtained with ABC.
3742	It was concluded based on the analysis that the proposed approach was a favorable method for solving the short-term hydrothermal scheduling problem, especially for non-smooth fuel cost function of thermal units.
3743	Based on the results obtained, the following conclusion was drawn; GA required more number of iteration and convergence time, PSO needed more time but less reliability while CSA performed better in solution time and reliability.
3744	Several attempts have been made by researchers to enhance the performance of original cuckoo search algorithm includes adaptive turning/switching of parameters of CSA at each iteration run as against initial static fixing of these parameters prior to iteration.
3745	Face makeup is a technique to beautify one's appearance with special cosmetics, such as foundation, eye shadow, blusher etc.
3746	It is a trend that people always follow the makeup of a well-known celebrity as a model, for such stars play a leading role in makeup fashion.
3747	This method requires warping the example image to the subject image, which may result in the output image looking unnatural.
3748	And the resultant color is an alpha-blending of color layers of the example image and the target image; the weight of color transfer is not given in detail in this method.
3749	Similarly, different people require different levels of makeup lightness.
3750	After continuously optimizing weight value by the bat algorithm, we can get the optimal weight value for a specific makeup.
3751	It is the first makeup transferring method based on a deep learning framework, and the proposed method has five advantages: with complete function, cosmetic specific, localized, producing naturally looking results and controllable makeup lightness.
3752	The biggest highlight of this paper is to abandon the idea that scholars blindly improve makeup transfer methods with different ways, and change the makeup transfer model to provide the suitable makeup style and the appropriate lightness for a certain person.
3753	Wang et al.
3754	Cao et al.
3755	For the second phase, we discuss the alpha-blending of color in Section 3.4.
3756	These points define different face components: eyebrows, eyes, nose, lip, mouth cavity, and other facial skin, as shown in Figure 1c .
3757	In Guo's paper, the fixed value 0.8 is chosen as the weight value and 52.48 as its corresponding beauty value.
3758	The other experimental images of results in this paper are similar to this image, so they are not shown.
3759	With the algorithm performing local search later, it gets the optimal weight value and the beauty value towards stability at the same time.
3760	It also takes the target image in Guo's paper as the target image of the experiment as shown in Figure 3a .
3761	The highest beauty value in Table 5 is 59.69, and the corresponding makeup is the Euramerica makeup style, which indicates that the target is most suitable for Euramerica makeup style among the six representative types of makeup style.
3762	It infers to that it also suits the heavy lightness of Asian smoky-eyes makeup style for its weight value comes to the highest, 0.92.
3763	In this experiment, six representative makeups were selected as sample makeup in Table 4 , Euramerica makeup style, Euramerica smoky-eyes makeup style, Asian smoky-eyes makeup style, Asian retro makeup style, Korean makeup style and Japanese makeup style.
3764	To the best of our knowledge, when the same girl wears different makeup, the appropriate makeup style is different, and the appropriate lightness is different for a certain style.
3765	It can be concluded that there is no correlation between the beauty value and the weight value.
3766	The quantitative comparison mainly focuses on the quality of makeup transfer and the appropriate lightness of makeup.
3767	The participants rate the results into five degrees: much better, better, same, worse and much worse.
3768	Thus we have totally 6 × 7 after-makeup results for makeup transfer method.
3769	Note that the two after-makeup faces are shown in random order.
3770	We set two user studies, one is comparisons between our method and case of non-makeup, and another is quantitative comparisons between Guo and ours.
3771	A non-makeup face, an example face and the after-makeup face by our method are sent to 50 participants to compare.
3772	These two experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed adaptive makeup transfer method from the view point of the end user.
3773	Table 7 shows quantitative comparisons between non-makeup and ours.
3774	As previously mentioned, we consider as evaluation targets either services or security products.
3775	Their evaluation requires an environment that provides a network and actors.
3776	Thus the evaluation of such products requires the presence of services alongside the security product.
3777	Services and security products are the targets of a large variety of evaluations, each with different goals in mind.
3778	Such evaluations aim to verify specific properties that can be different for services and security products.
3779	In this section, we describe the main properties for services and security products.
3780	It ensures that the security product is not affected by known attacks or vulnerabilities.
3781	A large variety of tools exists to evaluate those aspects.
3782	However, not all evaluators can afford such a testbed environment.
3783	The generated data is undifferentiated between benign and malicious data.
3784	To ensure the compliance with the specifications, we select as elementary actions each functionality of the evaluation target.
3785	It can be values, logs, network traces, etc.
3786	The level of realism is not an actual input of the simulation model, but one of the simulation parameters.
3787	In this example, the evaluator gives a scenario that required the host H i to simulate the elementary action A 1 followed by the action A 2 .
3788	This step is a comparison of the ground truths of the different components of the evaluation: services, security products, network, and users.
3789	We call live analysis the alerts generated by Suricata during the simulation and offline analysis the alerts generated by Suricata from the network traces captured from the simulation.
3790	The main difference between the two analysis is that during the live analysis, Suricata is under stress to keep up with the flow of data passing through it, while in the offline analysis Suricata reads the traces at its own pace.
3791	We set up Suricata with the rules of EmergingThreat as available on January 2018.
3792	We perform the evaluation without the external attacker OpenVAS.
3793	This figure also shows that our current implementation prototype has difficulties handling more than 150 hosts.
3794	Indeed, we deliberately chose not to use encryption in the simulated traffic to limit the issues in our evaluation.
3795	These numbers are also representative of the number of sessions created with the webmail server during the experiment.
3796	In the topology of Figure 4 , we only launch the simulated network without starting the activity of the hosts.
3797	We start the generation of benign traffic first then, after two minutes, we start the vulnerability scan.
3798	For each number of hosts, we show the average number of alerts raised live and offline by Suricata.
3799	In these experiments, a few interesting results appear.
3800	However, our methodology requires some preparation efforts from the evaluator.
3801	We evaluate this IDS with our network simulation using only benign traffic, only malicious traffic, and mixed traffic.
3802	Therefore, a reasonable spare part optimization model needs to comprehensively consider the impact of equipment readiness requirements and economic factors.
3803	Where λ is the failure rate of a component and T is the duration of the operation.
3804	The availability rate of the part i a is shown as follows.
3805	The support costs for equipment spare parts are generally composed of spare parts costs, ordering costs, storage costs, and out-of-stock costs.
3806	For example, the kth chromosome can be expressed as follows.
3807	For the legitimate chromosomes, the above formula is used for evaluation.
3808	Random camera action is used for variation.
3809	This article uses a deterministic selection strategy.
3810	Then, the appropriate values for all individuals are analyzed.
3811	After stopping the inheritance, the chromosome with the highest fitness degree is the solution sought, and the corresponding value is the spare part quantity of the equipment.
3812	Under the constraint of cost and equipment readiness, the optimal allocation of spare parts for the best ratio of equipment readiness and cost is analyzed.
3813	The genetic algorithm is simple in algorithm, fast in convergence, requires few adjustment parameters, and has a strong global search capability.
3814	We exploit all the previously mentioned features of the BIDAF mechanism and apply it to our task.
3815	They differ according to the restrictions and assumptions imposed by each method.
3816	On the contrary, no geometric relationship can be assumed in case of the two moving cameras.
3817	Input Layer: maps each frame from both query and context videos to a fixed length descriptor using a pre-trained CNN.
3818	Output Layer: gives the start and end indices for the best aligned part from the context video to the input query.
3819	The input to the contextual layer is the descriptors obtained from the first layer.
3820	Each LSTM output is of ddimension and the final layer output is a concatenation of both LSTMs outputs to yield Y ∈ R 2d×M from the context video and U ∈ R 2d×N from the query video.
3821	For obtaining the end frame index, the D matrix is pushed to one bi-directional LSTM layer in order to get D ∈ R 2d×M .
3822	We train our model on 10k of YouTube videos that are aligned manually in an accurate way.
3823	We can qualitatively observe the performance of our proposed approach on two video pairs from the navigation dataset, one is captured at indoor as shown in figure 2, and the other at outdoor as shown in figure 3.
3824	In this work, we present a new technique to solve the temporal alignment task between two overlapped videos with no restrictions imposed on the capturing process.
3825	Especially human behaviour represents a factor of uncertainty in this context.
3826	This work describes an approach that allows automated vehicles to interact with common road traffic in a safe and efficient way.
3827	The related microscopic and stochastic model version of the three-phase traffic theory is known as Kerner-Klenov model.
3828	In addition, the used assumptions are based on empirical traffic data.
3829	However, the present case is about a microscopic analysis of vehicle headway development and brings a new application to the model.
3830	Following this guideline, we implemented a simulation based on the Kerner-Klenov model adapted to urban traffic using open boundary conditions.
3831	Like in this work, the sensor system monitors approximately 100 meters of the major street.
3832	For each vehicle, the free flow parameter free is not constant, but is randomised following a normal distribution.
3833	It seems that the mode of the Figure 5 : Qualitative discussion on the PDF for free following a normal distribution.
3834	Using the generated data helps us to adjust the model's underlying functions and parameters in order to describe real traffic more reliable.
3835	Furthermore, this research is going to be shared within the "MEC-View"-project.
3836	The tracked tag transmits ultrasound signals with a unique identifier; once received by a detector in the same place, the detector forwards the information through the existing LAN or WLAN to a central positioning calculation element.
3837	Our approach on localization using Wearable Sensor Network, can be used by firemen, police, army, etc.
3838	To avoid synchronization problem with the beacons, the CB, in every lap of time, will send a request to all beacons asking them to get the position of all active firemen existing in their range.
3839	Packet that would have been dropped during congestion are buffered in order get them across to the destination.
3840	The essence of coming up with an improved version of TRTCM is to give second chance to dropped packets when PIR is exceeded.
3841	The ATM network tries its best to resolve the issue through QoS mechanisms such as differential admission control, multi-queue buffering, differential traffic scheduling, quality of service routing and a host of other operations at the network switches.
3842	This research concentrates on the design of an improved meter algorithm for quality of service admission control in the Internet.
3843	Additionally, the physiological satisfaction borders in humans against poultry are very low due to the sensory quality of these meats.
3844	Since oxidation is prevented thanks to vacuum packing in SV product, oxidation-induced bad taste and odor formation decreases, contamination which may occur during storage is prevented and the growth of aerobic bacteria is inhibited.
3845	After cooking, the samples were immediately iced until reaching an internal temperature of 3ºC in 10 min.
3846	Peroxide value was measured by titrating with Na 2 S 2 O 3 .5H 2 O using starch as indicator.
3847	Six determinations were performed for each cooked sample.
3848	For the sensory analyses, samples were placed on glass plates labelled with random three digits and were heated 30 sec.
3849	SV cooked turkey cutlet was evaluated in terms of appearance, colour, juiciness, odor, chewiness, flavor and overall acceptance.
3850	Similar results were reported by Kayaardi et al.
3851	Alasnier et al.
3852	Softer and flakier appearance was observed in the samples during storage.
3853	Protein degradation due to chemical and enzymatic activity may be the reason for the samples to become softer and flakier in the storage.
3854	Occupational therapy students also perceived OSCE to be helpful in preparation for clinical placement.
3855	The researchers applied a qualitative descriptive methodology to examine student perceptions.
3856	OSCE consisted of seven manned stations and ten unmanned stations.
3857	Some students reported that they focused on teaching the new task rather than the client's distress.
3858	Learning gained and needed.
3859	Students appeared to miss printed cues to the level of evidence within each abstract.
3860	Station J required student intuition to stop rating the client's performance in order to attend to the client's distress.
3861	Open ended comments confirmed station ratings describing complex scenarios as most valuable for learning.
3862	Another feature of being open to the process included expressing gratitude for learning in a safe space.
3863	Open to the process • Although I had a panic attack, I appreciate that this happened now and not in a clinic.
3864	I now know I need to recognize what a panic attack is, what it feels like in my body, and how to cope with it.
3865	Although seemingly bad, it was an excellent learning experience for me.
3866	Mistakes were okay and a good opportunity to reflect and learn.
3867	OSCE may be used as evidence-based education for students to rehearse clinical competence across many scenarios, practicing critical reasoning in preparation for fieldwork.
3868	Researchers suggest additional SoTL inquiry of theoretical and practical application to add to the body of knowledge of evidence-based education.
3869	To establish the validity and reliability of the triple assessment in the evaluation of patients with palpable breast lump.
3870	To assess the sensitivity and specificity of FNAC in the assessment of breast lesion.
3871	Study population was 319 patients who underwent modified triple test in professorial unit of Teaching Hospital, Jaffna from 1 st of January, 2012-1 st of July 2016.
3872	Importantly, we noted a complete reversion of cardiac growth/remodeling at 6 weeks following discontinuation of hCT1 after a 2-week exposure.
3873	The morphologic variation in ventricular cardiomyocytes during pathologic versus physiologic hypertrophy suggests that distinct signaling mechanisms control these divergent cell adaptations.
3874	To address this supposition we examined whether hCT1-induced cardiomyocyte remodeling was associated with a blunted activation of the mitochondrial-/ intrinsic-mediated cell death pathway.
3875	Although we provide evidence that caspase 9 and 3 activity are required for hypertrophy induction by both hCT1 and PE, the extent of caspase activity is not as robust during hCT1 stimulation when compared to PE.
3876	These observations imply that hCT1 mediated a constrained activation of caspase 3 activity via CK2-targeted phosphorylation and that this biochemical step is a key feature of beneficial cardiomyocyte remodeling, instrumental in preventing a transition to fulminant pathologic hypertrophy.
3877	Indeed, this compensatory vascular growth/ angiogenesis is permissive for the increased workload that accompanies physiologic hypertrophy.
3878	Remarkably, administering CT1 alone achieves an organ level reorganization of the heart, impacting the myocardial and vascular cell components through a cardiomyocyte instructed response, i.e., CT1 stimulates both cell growth and a pro-vascular paracrine signal in the cardiomyocyte population.
3879	Our observations suggest that CT1 can dramatically improve cardiac performance in RHF, whereby the failing myocardium is functionally reprogrammed at the whole organ level.
3880	At this stage we do not understand precisely how STAT-dependent signaling manifest change within the adapting cardiomyocyte.
3881	As such, our observations are consistent with the hypothesis that hCT1 induces reversible physiological hypertrophy.
3882	The needle was inserted into the LV through the apex of the heart and the right atrium was cut.
3883	Cells were fixed for 15 min.
3884	The 0.1 M NaCl eluate was pooled and dialyzed against PBS overnight at 4 °C .
3885	Nuclei were counterstained with DAPI.
3886	Digital images were acquired by fluorescence microscopy and cells were analyzed using ImageJ.
3887	PBS was infused for the control rat group.
3888	Cardiomyocytes were then stained using immunocytochemistry and analyzed for morphological changes.
3889	Following ligation, animals were given an intracardiac injection of hCT1-AdV at 7.5 × 10 5 infectious particles per gram weight, administered into the middle region of the LV.
3890	All data are expressed as mean ± SEM.
3891	When elastography entered the clinic, US has become an "extension" of the clinical sense, strengthening and confirming the final diagnosis.
3892	No data have been published so far concerning their use in the assessment of rectal tumors.
3893	Tissue elasticity is represented on a red to blue color scale.
3894	Color elastography can only be interpreted after obtaining a stable and valid color map from a qualitative point of view, constant in terms of color allocation.
3895	There are numerous studies in the literature proving the additional diagnostic value of this procedure.
3896	CEUS allows the manual selection of one or more ROI, indicating their graphical representation of the loading and unloading curves, concurrently.
3897	The transducer used for transvaginal scan can also be used for transrectal exams.
3898	The tip of the transducer can be flat or curved.
3899	Other dedicated devices enable simultaneous information gathering and tridimensional image reconstruction.
3900	However, we must not forget that elastography examination is still insufficiently explored and, not least, that it is not independent, but additional to TRUS.
3901	There are many poorly irrigated areas associated with intratumoral necrosis.
3902	CEUS Unlike the normal rectal wall, adenocarcinomas have a rapid AT and TTP, while adenomas have a lower PI.
3903	These changes were associated with anginal pain and marked electrocardiographic ST segment depression in the inferior territory.
3904	These images provide a dramatic illustration of Prinzmetal's angina.
3905	The evidence on Italy by Acharya et al.
3906	Banks' balance sheets were obtained from the Central Bank and the IADB Research Department database.
3907	If anything, they become more focused, as the index jumped to 0.6 in 2003-2004 from 0.5 in 1999.
3908	Also, the maturity of outstanding loans inhibits banks to rapidly migrate to other sectors.
3909	It is hard to sign its overall effect, which is likely to have been positive up to 2001, as the government was paying high yields, and negative from them on, in the aftermath of the fiscal default.
3910	Moreover, the presence of fixed monitoring costs may induce more specialization in small banks with small average loan size, an assertion consistent with the much more concentrated portfolio of small vis-à-vis big banks that was uncovered in Table 3 .
3911	From here, it appears that the more diversified Argentine banks were better equipped to face the drastic downturn that characterized the period under study.
3912	In turn, the interest rate spread is a direct measure of the default risk of the bank´s borrower pool, thus increasing the ratio of non performing loans.
3913	In all cases, the goodness of fit is quite high, with R squares in the range of 0.71 to 0.83.
3914	Most organizations spend time and resources to provide, establish, and monitor computer security policies.
3915	Through an iterative process of review, evaluation, and modification based on the security professionals' experience in conjunction with an examination of literature on establishing and maintaining information security, the survey was determined to adequately measure the concepts of interest in the present study.
3916	My organization's information security procedures are clear on how to protect organization's data in a telework environment.
3917	I have personally taken steps to ensure the organization's data is protected when teleworking.
3918	The mean ratings for the nine Social Pressure Scale items ranged from a high of 4.48 for the belief that every employee could make a difference when it cause to securing an organization's data in a telework environment, to a low of 2.17 for the belief that an organization's information security procedures in a telework environment were unreasonable.
3919	Teleworkers also indicated strong beliefs in following information security policies and taking steps to ensure that data were protected when teleworking.
3920	Teleworkers were in agreement that they had enough knowledge to protect the data in a telework environment.
3921	The relationship between items on the Personal Attitude Scale and willingness to follow an organization's information security guidelines were weak.
3922	The strongest correlations between the dependent variable, willingness to follow an organization's information security guidelines, and the Social Pressure Scale items were weak to moderate at best.
3923	The unstandardized β coefficients indicated that Social Pressure Scale items did not appreciably influence willingness to follow security guidelines.
3924	The unstandardized β coefficients indicated that Sense of Control Scale items did not appreciably influence willingness to follow security guidelines.
3925	Overall, teleworkers strongly agreed that they were willing to follow the organization's information security guidelines.
3926	In terms of personal attitudes, teleworkers believed strongly that information data were vulnerable and that it was important for an organization to have security policies and procedures in place to protect the confidentiality and integrity of the data stored on computers.
3927	In addition, teleworkers did not express strong agreement that the organization communicated effectively the need to protect data used on their computers.
3928	Overall, weak relationships were found between the dependent variable willingness to follow security guidelines and the independent variables, composite scores on the Personal Attitude, Social Pressure, and Sense of Control scales.
3929	Even though strong relationships were not found between independent variables and willingness to follow security protocols, overall, teleworkers were willing to following security guidelines.
3930	By using companydistributed computers, the organization has the ability to determine what security software is used and to monitor necessary updates to maintain desired levels of security.
3931	Even though teleworkers indicated a desire to follow security guidelines, they may inadvertently interfere with security measures when using work computers for personal use or personal computers for work.
3932	Those who draft policy related to telework data security should focus on establishing clear policies and practices that can be implemented cost effectively within an organization.
3933	The results established that teleworkers believed strongly that information stored on an organization's computers was vulnerable to security incidents.
3934	Possible latent factors could be levels of influence of social pressure and subjective norms on the willingness to follow organization information data security guidelines.
3935	Tallberg, E.
3936	The treatment is supportive and symptoms commonly resolve within a few months.
3937	Learning points ▸ Kikuchi's disease is a rare self-limiting condition that commonly presents with lymphadenopathy.
3938	The disease is caused by obligate intracellular protozoan parasites belonging to the genus Plasmodium and the species Plasmodium falciparum is responsible for the most severe forms of the disease and most of the mortality.
3939	The p120 and p68 forms were then proposed to be the two native forms of PfA-M1, both found in saponin-isolated parasites.
3940	The samples were centrifuged at 2,500 × g for 5 min.
3941	The suspension was triturated 2 times through a 27-G 1.2-cm needle before centrifugation at 13,000 rpm for 10 min at 4°C.
3942	Therefore, it appears that BFA blocks the p120 form PfA-M1 in a compartment close to the nucleus that could correspond to the ER, and this blockage prevents its maturation to the p96 and p68 forms.
3943	The parasite compartment in which this oxidation occurs is not yet identified and will be the focus of future studies.
3944	The p96 is further processed to the p68 form which is targeted towards the digestive food vacuole, where it is marginally delivered.
3945	Additional file 1: Structure of the full length PfA-M1 and of the three p120, p96 and p68 forms.
3946	B. PfA-M1 was analysed by PSORT http://www.psort.org/ and a classical signal peptide encompassing the 30 first amino acids was predicted.
3947	In early experiments with fiber OPA's the emphasis was on achieving frequency conversion with a wide but fixed spacing.
3948	Recently we obtained gain of as much as 12 dB with a pump power of 180 mW over a 20-nm bandwidth near l 0 .
3949	Then b 2 does not vanish, but its sign and magnitude can be chosen to add to or substract from the fourthorder term, thereby possibly allowing for bandwidth optimization.
3950	Calculating Dv 4 , and translating it into wavelength units, we obtain a bandwidth of the order of 52 nm.
3951	Figure 1 shows theoretical gain spectra corresponding to different values of l p 2 l 0 .
3952	Inasmuch as the parametric amplif ier needs high pump power, a pulsed power source was used in our experiments.
3953	The measurements were performed over a wavelength range of the order of 35 nm, limited by the gain bandwidth of the EDFA's used in the experimental setup.
3954	If substantial differences exist among floating plant species in the lab, then a more diverse assemblage may be more likely to be dominant over a broader range of conditions.
3955	Each well housed a single replicate of an experimental treatment.
3956	A systematic assignment of treatments, rather than completely randomized, was used to reduce the likelihood that the wrong nutrient medium or plant species would be placed in a well during each nutrient media change.
3957	The goal of these experiments was to test whether floating plant species differed in their response to environmental conditions and under what conditions they differed.
3958	Therefore, floating plant polycultures may have a combination of strategies that may not be achievable by a single species.
3959	In the field, environmental variability may outweigh the relationship between species richness and the formation of the floating plant state.
3960	Although species differences are quantifiable in the laboratory, their magnitude may not be large enough to be detectable in the field.
3961	Rather than allowing floating plants to achieve dominance, the response diversity observed may help this functional group persist in a water body, despite unfavorable conditions.
3962	There are few others studies of the response diversity of the floating plant functional group to temperature, nutrients, or other environmental variables.
3963	Some studies have examined response diversity to variables not included in this study.
3964	Our generic concept of NLSM between two nonlinear fibers is illustrated in Fig.
3965	Subsequently the redshifted soliton is coupled into fiber 2, where it has a corresponding soliton number N ¼ N 2 .
3966	Fiber properties, such as zero dispersion wavelength λ ZD , are summarized in Table 1 and Table 2 .
3967	The GNLSE is solved to obtain the contour plots shown both in Figs.
3968	Thus, it is reasonable to assume that T 02 ¼ T 01 , where T 02 is the soliton pulse width at the input of fiber 2.
3969	The instrumentation parameters were set to medium response, bandwidth of 2 nm and scan speed of 200 nm min -1 .
3970	A data set with cow BCS records was obtained from Holstein UK.
3971	All cows were in their first lactation and had their first calving from 1996 through 2002.
3972	These 2 fertility traits form the UK fertility index.
3973	Based on the study of Coffey et al.
3974	Fitting a fixed regression on days in lactation only partially accounts for this.
3975	These results suggest that the trait changes genetically as lactation progresses.
3976	Genetic correlations of various BCS measures with fertility determine their predictive capacity only to the extent that BCS reliability remains constant.
3977	Because the HYSd model allows for better comparisons both within and between management groups, the value of 87 is accepted as the more correct of the 2, suggesting that the lowest adjusted phenotypic BCS is expected to occur on this day, very close to the energy balance nadir suggested by Coffey et al.
3978	The changing genetic profile of BCS throughout the lactation, observed in this study, was illustrated by the heritability curve and genetic correlation estimates below unity among different daily BCS.
3979	Results of this study partially corroborate this claim.
3980	The observed superiority of the random regression over single measure analysis results is attributed to NR, which is the dominant trait in the fertility index.
3981	The speed of reaching this level seems to be less important than the level itself.
3982	It was also reported that doctors sometimes prescribe unnecessary tests to the patients.
3983	Considering these points, it was concluded that a training module of Medical Ethics for Interns is the need of the hour.
3984	The project was carried out at a Medical College with attached tertiary care hospital in North India, having annual intake of 150 undergraduate students.
3985	E-mail addresses of college alumni were collected.
3986	Feedback questionnaire for module delivery was also pilot run.
3987	There are no conflicts of interest.
3988	Thus, sensors can be charged via the wireless energy transfer with highly stable charging rates.
3989	Similarly, before charging sensor v 6 , the vehicle has to fully charge the first five sensors v 1 , v 2 , .
3990	We can see that the existing studies either use just one charging vehicle but some sensors may deplete their energy for quite a while, or deploy multiple expensive charging vehicles to shorten sensor dead durations.
3991	A fundamental problem then is that, is it possible to improve the charging capacity with a low-cost of purchasing charging devices?
3992	Under this novel charging model, we study the charging scheduling of the charging vehicle so as to minimize not only the dead duration of sensors but also the travel distance of the charging vehicle.
3993	We assume that a mobile charging vehicle can carry K low-cost removable wireless chargers mc 1 , mc 2 , .
3994	The charging vehicle is located at the base station b s initially.
3995	Notice that the proposed algorithms in this paper can be easily extended to the case that n is not divisible by K .
3996	Then, we can find the optimal value w opt through a binary search on the m different edge weights in G .
3997	We here use an example to illustrate the execution process of Procedure 1 .
3998	Note that path C actually is a closed tour since its two ending nodes r s and r f are the virtual nodes of base station b s .
3999	Recall that in algorithm Heuristic we have made two assumptions.
4000	Zhao et al.
4001	Otherwise, we devised a novel heuristic algorithm to obtain a shortest charging trajectory while ensuring that the longest dead duration of sensors is minimized.
4002	Thousands of papers and several books have been published over the past 30 years, where brain slices were the topic itself or where studies employed them in combination with various techniques, including electrophysiological ones.
4003	Additional abbreviations: CA1, cornu ammonis 1; CA3, cornu ammonis 3; Alv, alveus; PP, perforant path; GC, granule cells of the dentate gyrus; Fim, fimbria.
4004	Quickly, the lactic acidosis hypothesis had immerged as the leading hypothesis in the field, highlighted in many other research papers, review articles, specialized books and textbooks.
4005	Glucose is an essential component of the aCSF without which slices cannot survive.
4006	A typical response of the PS continuously recorded from one slice during the experiment can be seen in Fig.
4007	These were our expectations based on the leading hypotheses of the time.
4008	The effect of elevated aCSF glucose levels during hypoxia on the ability of hippocampal slices to recover neuronal function 30-min post-hypoxia.
4009	The higher the glucose level during hypoxia, the better the recovery rate of neuronal function post-hypoxia.
4010	The intriguing possibility that lactic acid is being utilized by neurons upon re-oxygenation, and thus, improved neuronal survival post-hypoxia, as the results in Fig.
4011	At the end of each experimental paradigm, all slices in each compartment of the dual chamber were tested for the presence of neuronal function.
4012	On the other hand, paradigm E in Fig.
4013	To expand our investigation into the possible role lactate may play in other cerebral functions, a "blocker" of lactate utilization was needed.
4014	The inhibition of lactate transport by 4-CIN significantly attenuated the recovery of neuronal function post-hypoxia, most likely by blocking the entry of lactate, which accumulated during the hypoxic period, into cells and possibly mitochondria upon reoxygenation.
4015	The other studies cited here, each with its own methodology, only strengthen the foundation on which the interpretation of the experimental results was made and, consequently, the hypothesis herewith was postulated.
4016	In this set of experiments, we used much lower concentrations of the different energy substrates, as compared to other experiments described above, although sufficient for sustenance of normal neuronal function.
4017	That malonate is Fig.
4018	Obviously, exogenous lactate would be useless in the presence of malonate, which is the reason why results with lactate-supported slices are not shown.
4019	The original intent of employing the rat hippocampal slice preparation and its electrophysiology in our laboratory was to establish an in vitro model system of cerebral ischemia/hypoxia.
4020	The experiments described in this chapter demonstrate this versatility.
4021	The continuous electrophysiological monitoring of neuronal function offered an immediate assessment of the influence of experimental manipulations and the determination of the final outcome of each of these manipulations.
4022	Also included are a number of additional tephra from European volcanic centres that, while not at present found within the ice core archive, act as regional stratigraphic markers that can improve cross correlation of other records.
4023	These tephras are limited in number but form part of the long term extension of the INTIMATE framework discussed further in Section 2.4.
4024	Anatolian volcanism has generated numerous locally dispersed tephra layers, but at present few have been widely correlated between sequences.
4025	Griggs et al.
4026	This includes 19 tephra deposits that lie on the rapid climatic transitions that punctuate the Last Glacial period.
4027	This presents a further challenge for linking to the Greenland stratotype as basaltic material is not routinely searched for in terrestrial European records.
4028	In part, this relates to the prevailing dispersal axes of Icelandic ash but also reflects the predominance of studies for cryptotephra in northerly regions.
4029	In particular it is essential to gain a much better measure of the relative timing of eruptions from Iceland and the Mediterranean volcanic centres in Italy and the Aegean.
4030	Even with reliable quantification of the geochemical signals many eruptions from the same volcano or volcanic system can have very similar chemistries and care is required for reliable correlation.
4031	As a result those subtle differences mean that robust analyses and reporting of tephra is vital.
4032	We have included this latter extension partly for completeness but it is worth noting that many European lake records extend beyond the current INTIMATE event stratigraphy limits and certainly in the Mediterranean region key widespread tephra markers in the 60e128 ka b2k period are already well known.
4033	Asterisks indicate branching nodes that were also recovered in the parsimony analysis.
4034	N. L. adj.
4035	Markers regularly used for the diagnosis of smooth muscle tumors are desmin, an intermediate filament and smooth muscle actin, a thin filament, 5 along with calponin and h-caldesmon, both involved in smooth muscle contraction.
4036	A total of 816 tumors were examined in tissue micro-array blocks with three spots of 1 mm per sample.
4037	All embryonal rhabdomyosarcomas remained unreactive to the markers except desmin.
4038	The two desmoplastic round cell tumors showed diffuse positivity for desmin, focal positivity for calponin and transgelin and none for smooth muscle actin.
4039	The trouble, even today, is that the old attitudes to obesity have left their mark.
4040	Some of the leading papers from that meeting are presented in the present issue of the Journal.
4041	Regarding the steady increase of life expectancy today, this should be considered in treatment of older patients in clinical routine.
4042	All percentage values are valid.
4043	There is a growing awareness that age per se is a less important determinant of choice of therapy concepts and outcome in older cancer patients than physical status, functional status, and mental/emotional status.
4044	The present analysis constitutes the largest pooled analysis to date of the use of taxanes in older patients with primary breast cancer.
4045	Otherwise older patients will continue to be undertreated and will not benefit from the advances in medicine.
4046	The samples were processed as described above to determine the amount of SP protein in the corneal lysates obtained at each time point postinfection.
4047	The corneas were pooled on the basis of mild and severe HSK lesions.
4048	P Ͻ 0.05 was considered statistically significant.
4049	We categorized them as the corneas with mild HSK lesions.
4050	Because SP can be produced by neuronal as well as the nonneuronal cell types, 10 we next studied the source of SP in the corneal stroma of the eyes with severe HSK lesions.
4051	Graphs indicate the absolute number of cells within the cornea as determined by flow cytometry.
4052	Subconjunctival inoculation of spantide I during the clinical phase of HSK significantly reduced the corneal opacity and angiogenesis.
4053	Subconjunctival inoculation of spantide I significantly reduced the proportion of CD4 T cells and neutrophils in inflamed corneas.
4054	Two corneas were pooled to obtain one sample and liberase-digested.
4055	Our results are in agreement with a recent report where no significant difference in the viral load was determined in the corneal tear film of the eyes that did or did not develop HSK in a BALB/c mouse model.
4056	Moreover, the corneas with higher amounts of SP also exhibit higher levels of IL-6, IFN-␥, CCL3, and CXCL2 proinflammatory molecules that are known to orchestrate the corneal stromal tissue damage resulting into the development of severe HSK lesions.
4057	Binding of SP to NK1R results in the internalization of SP-NK1R complex, thereby decreasing the level of expression of membrane-bound NK1R molecules.
4058	Studies carried out in mice models clearly demonstrate that the development of the corneal opacity, and the severe HSK lesions begin during the clinical phase of disease.
4059	Antagonist injection resulted in reduced frequency of neutrophils and CD4 T cells in the cornea as well as reduced amounts of IL-6 and CCL3 proteins, thereby demonstrating an active participation of corneal SP in the regulation of cellular and molecular events involved in the development of severe HSK lesions.
4060	The group therefore contains every degree of disease severity.
4061	Venous blood samples were obtained.
4062	As the data did not show a normal distribution, nonparametric tests were chosen.
4063	The study was approved by the Medical Ethics board of the University Hospital at Ghent.
4064	However, there is an important influence of the varying exposure to UVB light from the sun over the different years.
4065	This method was effective for OLED fabrication especially in terms of extending the lifetime by improving thermal stability of the deposited films.
4066	There are those that opt for the theoretical model, in which the focus is on critical and intellectual skills.
4067	Most importantly, these programs do not offer a perspective on the new media environment that can influence not only design decisions, but can offer a critical and theoretical understanding of multimedia issues.
4068	Brazilian educator Paulo Freire's theories of learning included a critical consciousness about the world.
4069	What these debates have in common is attention to the connections between literacy, education, and social and cultural change.
4070	It is the academic discipline of today.
4071	The primary goal of the course was to give students practical experience in designing and maintaining the department's Web site.
4072	At the same time, the computer lab had been upgraded to G4 Macintosh computers with updated application software by Macromedia, Adobe, and Apple.
4073	In most cases, this is the students' first experience with Web-related concepts, but many come to the class having taken print design courses.
4074	While the technical aspects and benefits of using stylesheets are illustrated with this lesson, the important design aspect is also highlighted.
4075	This is accomplished in many ways, and like the variety of skills that are taught, is integrated into all lessons and project work, so as to not delineate these topics as separate in the Web design environment.
4076	Many are surprised that the Internet was not initially developed for commercial purposes or that it was not designed to decentralize communications in a state of nuclear attack as a result of the Cold War.
4077	A brainstorming exercise is used to help students generate ideas for projects and understand the broad-reaching aspects of the Internet as a social medium, allowing them to express issues that are of specific concern to them.
4078	Students select their topics, and in the past, projects have illustrated the issues of email communication, online dating, virtual travel, hackers, digital divide issues both locally and globally, online gambling, online political activism, and cybersex and online pornography, among others.
4079	The environment described above is not without its challenges.
4080	There was no single textbook that could be used to facilitate teaching a class of this nature.
4081	Note: A video presentation of some of the teaching techniques illustrated in this paper is available to accompany presentations.
4082	Soka Gakkai, as a typical example, presently has several hundreds of thousands of Korean members.
4083	After World War II, however, the new constitution enshrined the principles of the separation of church and state and of religious freedom.
4084	While traditional religions had to respond to modern transformations, new religions appeared one after another in the course of modernization.
4085	Using a sample of undergraduate students in the age group of 15 to 54 years old, the findings revealed that people in different age group were observed to differ in their degree of materialistic inclination.
4086	They turn away from parents to peers and seek consumer information from various mass media.
4087	Given the importance of the role peers exert on adolescents as they grow up into adulthood, it is interesting for marketers and scholars to understand just how much or to what extent peers play a significant role in influencing young adults' development of values, such as materialism.
4088	Criteria relevant to individual behaviour, on the other hand include cognitions and behaviours that enable the person to enact a given social role, regardless of whether the behaviours are functional or dysfunctional in any larger system.
4089	There are three themes in their concept of materialism.
4090	Most previous researchers either focused on children or adolescents, and practically no research has examined the effect of peer communication and influences of young adults and its relationship with materialism.
4091	The materialistic attitudes of children, ranging in age of 8 to 16 year old were examined using a multi-item materialism scale for children.
4092	Respondents who perceivedhigher level of peer influence were more materialistic.
4093	Ho2.
4094	In total, 956 completed the survey questionnaires and were usable for the data analyses.
4095	Specifically, it was found that the 'high' materialism group has considerably greater ratings on all constructs.
4096	They found that materialistic values did increase with extent of peer communication.
4097	Their results showed that materialism in adolescents was independently predicted by the extent of peer influence.
4098	Motivation for viewing advertisements was positively related to imitation of celebrity models.
4099	In turn, both social comparison and imitation of celebrity models were positive predictors of materialism.
4100	Respondents who compare their possessions with the possessions of friends and media celebrities believe that possessions were related to success and happiness, and that possessions occupy a central position in life.
4101	These variables include: peer communication and materialism.
4102	The mean differences between two different groups, namely 'high' materialism and 'low' materialism groups, with respect to peer communication were examined.
4103	It was found that peer communication is an important predicting variable, with the F-value recorded at 24.337.
4104	The information presented in this article suggests adequate evidence that peer communication appears to play an important role in consumer socialization, particularly among young urban adult consumers in Malaysia.
4105	Among the demographic variables, however, no significant differences were found between 'high' materialism and 'low' materialism groups.
4106	Most studies conducted in the area of consumer socialization and materialism have employed well established measures developed and tested mostly in Western cultures.
4107	Endoscopic examination of the urethra and urinary bladder is a useful diagnostic technique which is more and more frequently used for diagnosing diseases of these organs.
4108	In veterinary medicine, endoscopic examination of the urinary system is performed under general anaesthesia and therefore it is important to qualify the patient for examination.
4109	In the case of ectopic ureters, a basin shape of the ureter and its extension can be observed.
4110	Ref.
4111	This analysis was performed directly on the flux power spectrum and took thus full advantage of each data points, for a wider range of parameters than just the amplitude and slope constrained by the SDSS analysis.
4112	The code assigns a Gaussian prior to the corresponding nuisance parameter and marginalize over it.
4113	A crucial addition to this survey has been the acquisition of ground-based imaging in 15 extra bands.
4114	The opposite effect has not been recorded.
4115	For each type of experiment, σ 8 and Ω 0m are clearly correlated, but the direction of the degeneracy is different for CMB, WL and Lyα data.
4116	The high σ 8 value preferred by WL and Lyα data excludes the most negative values of n run found by WMAP, and reduce its error by a factor of two.
4117	He also established a Center for Information Warfare.
4118	He established the MSU Center of Computer Security Research and led the effort at MSU to obtain a National Security Agency designation of Center of Academic Excellence in Information Assurance Education -one of only thirty-six in the United States.
4119	This section of the Yearbook includes six articles, two on signal processing and four on image processing.
4120	Three of the articles on image processing also deal with the problem of registration: the alignment of two-or-three dimensional data acquired by different imaging modalities or from different subjects.
4121	It will be interesting to see if the future technological development will favor the computationally intensive data compression developed by Madhukar and Murthy, or if it will favor the storage of largely uncompressed data on future inexpensive data storage media.
4122	The four articles on image processing are related to two different subjects: registration of information to bring them into a common frame of reference, and classification of tissue types from multi-modal images.
4123	Minoshimaet al.
4124	An alternative approach to alignment of images from several subjects is described by Barillot et al.
4125	A natural compromise is, consequently, computer-assisted diagnosis where the physicians use the computer systems as an integral part of their work.
4126	Zaragoza, 1981; Aso et al.
4127	Ph.D.
4128	The slightly inclined foliation plane is usually interpreted to represent imbrication, and therefore the direction of maximum dip of the foliation plane can be used to determine flow directions.
4129	The ImageJ software allows the approximation of the shapes of the fragments and individual mineral grains to ellipses and the measurement of the direction of their maximum axes.
4130	A 'conglomerate test' was performed at site TP37, where an ignimbritic sequence containing centimetric to decimetric-size, sub-angular andesitic lithic clasts crops out.
4131	Deng et al.
4132	The reliability of the AMS results was tested by means of image analysis.
4133	Therefore, the magnetic foliation plane can be relied upon as the bedding or flow plane, even in sites where this plane was not easily defined at the outcrop scale.
4134	There is no evidence of the presence of this sort of magmatic building and, therefore, we propose that the first option is the most plausible volcanic scenario.
4135	Empirical relations were developed for estimating population by modeling settlements as circular areas.
4136	The six groups of values were matched with the same pixels as the observed units.
4137	Pearson's product-moment correlation coefficient was used as the measure of correlation to assess the correlations among different nighttime imagery datasets, as well as between nighttime lights and population density.
4138	Variables being analyzed were census population of the 18 administrative districts of Hong Kong and the sum of lights within each district polygon.
4139	The regression model was then assessed through observing the correlation coefficient of DN values and population, the coefficient of determination, and the standard error of regression.
4140	As we would expect, both the DMSP-OLS imagery and ISS imagery strongly and positively correlated with the LandScan population density, with correlation coefficients around 0.6.
4141	However, the R square was 0.15, indicating a poor fit of the regression model to the data under analysis.
4142	The R square was about 0.04, indicating a very poor fit of the regression model to the data.
4143	The maps in Figure 4 showed the percentage error in estimates of population for each district using DMSP-OLS and ISS images.
4144	From the regression results, we can conclude that nighttime lights alone may not be the best predictor for the estimation of population.
4145	The logarithm transformations for either of the variables or both of them were used to transform the sample data into a more normal distribution.
4146	Other predictors besides sum of lights can be explored for a better prediction of population.
4147	On the other hand, hydraulic models used to design river engineering works may describe the flow of water within the river channel on the 1 to 10 m scale.
4148	On the small scale, the model equations are based on the physics of the hydrological processes and the parameters are far less dependent on the nature of the system.
4149	For this reason the complexity of the SHE snow-melt model has been influenced by the state of the art in modelling other processes.
4150	For example, evapotranspiration is calculated using equations for the transfer of energy from the atmosphere to the vegetation which require full meteorological input data.
4151	When the two gaseous components are taken together subscript g is used.
4152	One last equation is needed to complete the model.
4153	Bender 1957 , Shimizu 1970 .
4154	Hourly values of meteorological data were recorded using an Institute of Hydrology automatic weather station.
4155	The snow temperature then fell again over the next night to reach a maximum at 0700 h on the following morning.
4156	At 2 years of age, a routine urinalysis showed microscopic hematuria.
4157	Urologic examination, including cytoscopy and retrograde pyelography, failed to identify a cause of the hematuria; audiometric examination revealed bilateral conductive hearing loss.
4158	For light microscopy, paraffin sections of formalin-fixed tissue were cut at 3 p and stained with hematoxylin-eosin and methenamine silver, periodic acid-Schiff.
4159	Albuminuria was only slightly less constant, occurring in nine patients.
4160	Electrophoresis of protein in serum performed on eight patients showed no abnormality.
4161	There were no gross anatomical abnormalities found by intravenous pyelography or cystoscopy.
4162	None of the patients tested had an increase in urinary excretion of proline, a finding occasionally associated with this syndrome.
4163	In many patients, there was a moderate increase in the interstitium around the distal tubule.
4164	The renal blood vessels were generally normal, although mild arteriolar thickening was found in three patients.
4165	These epithelial cells were characterized by large nuclei, small amounts of cytoplasm, apparently poorly developed intracytoplasmic organelles, and frequent villous-like cytoplasmic projections on the surface.
4166	Periglomerular fibrosis alone, although one of the features of pyelonephritis, is seen with glomerular obsolescence of any cause.
4167	I n early biopsies, however, the presence of interstitial foam cells should make one suspicious of this disease.
4168	Another possibility is that an immune response to bacteria or to bacterial products results in the release of mediators responsible for the observed inflammation and tissue lesions.
4169	To prepare solutions for injection from lyophilized material, aliquots were suspended in saline and subjected to sonic treatment for 5 s to ensure even dispersion and facilitate dissolution.
4170	In the first series, the first rats were sacrificed 7 weeks after infection.
4171	In spite of this, we started the experiment as described above, superinfecting these rats with E. corrodens.
4172	At sacrifice, the spleens and sera of the animals were taken.
4173	The Limulus lysate clotting assay was carried out according to the procedure of Levin et al.
4174	Similarly, endotoxin preparations were also injected in 20-ug quantities.
4175	During the following weeks, periodontal disease developed in the animals to its full severity.
4176	Figure 3 was obtained by using CS1OA endotoxin.
4177	The reactions to the injections of crude CS1OA and CS1OB antigens, using whole sonic extracts of cells, were weaker and less reproducible.
4178	According to unpublished observations from S. S. Socransky's laboratory, the germfree colony at Forsyth Dental Center is much more susceptible to Eikenella infection-caused periodontal lesions than are other germfree rat lines.
4179	Based on these findings, we speculated that NUP37 might enhance the import and/or the retention of YAP in the nucleus and thus promoted the interaction between YAP and TEAD.
4180	Cells were selected with G418, and the expression of NUP37 was examined using western blot.
4181	The expression vectors of HA-TEAD and FLAG-YAP were obtained from Adgene.
4182	Firefly luciferase values were normalized to Renilla luciferase values to control for transfection efficiency.
4183	The nucleus was counterstained with DAPI.
4184	Slides were then developed with DAB andcounterstained with hematoxylin.
4185	As described above, this effect was prevented by concurrent treatment with oGH.
4186	Here, our immunological analysis of adipocyte membranes revealed that treatment of animals with anti-rGH enhanced, by more than 3-fold, the amount of a-G.2 while having little effect on the amounts of a-G11, a-G.3 and a-G.. Furthermore, the increase in a-Gi2 was specifically prevented by replacement of endogenous GH with oGH, a treatment which in itself did not alter levels of other G-proteins.
4187	These electrical signals not only differ in their shape and magnitude but also in their propagation speed ranging from 1 to 60 mm s −1 for APs to several minutes per centimeter in VPs.
4188	In this case, the type of wound seems to be related to distinct types of depolarization.
4189	Cells from the differentiation zone are more rigid due to the accumulation of lignin associated with the development of secondary cell walls, which provides extra strength to the walls and makes them waterproof Somssich et al.
4190	In such a model epithelial hair cells of the root might function as spines in a neuron, providing signals generated by external stimuli to the cortex circuit where they are processed before reaching the phloem.
4191	MiNICAD is a Millennium Nucleus supported by Iniciativa Científica Milenio, Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism, Chile.
4192	West Coast, extending previous work by incorporating realistic wind forcing and boundary conditions at time scales from weather events to seasons.
4193	In this linear model, alongshore winds along the U.S.
4194	The difference between the shelf and slope can be understood by considering the role of the various modes described in the previous section.
4195	Poleward flow events still occur and are much more frequent than over the shelf, but equatorward flow events are also common during late summer.
4196	Although the sea level gradient determines the APF near the surface, the APF may be substantially modified at depth by the presence of alongshore density gradients.
4197	As will be shown in the following section, this is due to the importance of the baroclinic component of the APF over the slope.
4198	Modeled intraseasonal variability in the APF over the shelf can be assessed by comparing with observed variability in alongshore gradients of coastal sea level.
4199	The pressure distribution over the slope indicates that the summer-mean poleward APF at undercurrent depths in the northern CCS is associated with alongshore density gradients, not a sea surface that slopes downward to the north.
4200	An unanticipated result of this study is the dependence of a persistent late-summer CUC on the use of the San Diego sea level at the southern boundary.
4201	However, it remains unclear how important the b effect is at seasonal and shorter time scales farther north of Washington and British Columbia.
4202	Topographic rectification is another process that is absent from the CTW model but could be present in NCOM-CCS.
4203	Seasonally, the subsurface poleward flow associated with topographic rectification is expected be strongest when variability in the local wind stress is highest.
4204	Thus, there has probably been considerable admixture between these two groups over an extended period of time, possibly with recent movement of Arabs from other locations into Agadir.
4205	A slight shift of Ighrem Arabs toward the Amazigh pole of gPC2, relative to Agadir Arabs, would also be consistent with genetic exchange between the villages over 50 generations.
4206	Further sampling of villages in the region may reveal subtle population structure across southern Morocco 10-13 .
4207	A r t i c l e s chromosomal intervals.
4208	Expression associations detected in one tissue can identify regulatory variants that may be active in other tissues that are directly engaged in the etiology of disease 23, 25, 26 .
4209	The environmental influences are probably a combination of biotic and abiotic factors, in addition to cultural and behavioral ones, whereas genetic differences between the two north African ancestries are relatively minor.
4210	Genome-wide significant interaction effects are generally unlikely to occur in the Figure 6 Relationship among genotype, expression and phenotype.
4211	A related issue is whether or not genotype-by-environment interactions at the level of transcription are necessary to explain genotype-byenvironment interactions for disease.
4212	The urban group consisted of residents sampled from two low-income districts, Anza and Dchiera, located seven miles apart on the north and south sides of Agadir, respectively.
4213	The subjects reported that they were in good health at the time of sampling.
4214	This procedure preserves the variance of each sample, and inspection of the residuals indicated that they were reasonably distributed for ANOVA; in addition, an outlier filtering procedure provided further quality control.
4215	To test for a possible influence of divergence in allele and genotype frequencies on gene expression divergence between locations, we examined the correlation between F ST and fold change in expression, or significance of differential expression for each pair-wise comparison.
4216	It is substantially in agreement with the genespecific ANOVA, which revealed similar magnitudes of contribution of the various effects.
4217	Taken together, the two modes of analysis imply that genetic and non-genetic effects both contribute significantly to transcriptional variation in our human data set.
4218	Clustering was generated with Ward's method in JMP Genomics v3.2.
4219	As previously discussed, these pollutants were selected because of their link to liver cancer.
4220	Therefore, the second analysis examined the 146 and 117 counties where a HCC rate was reported for the respective time period.
4221	Vinyl chloride was positively and significantly associated with the HCC rate for concentrations reported by NATA in both 2002 and 2005.
4222	Results of hydrolysis are supported with FTIR and TGA techniques.
4223	The production of plasma from powder has various advantages in comparison with that using gases, which are widely applied in plasma sources.
4224	A schematic of the experimental setup is shown in Fig.
4225	A powder injection system is placed under the main discharge electrodes.
4226	The powder discharges were powered by a capacitor of 0.5 µF charged to 20 kV.
4227	We placed a tungsten wire electrode in the cathode as shown in Fig.2 for the preionization discharge that was powered by a capacitor of 5400pF.
4228	The upper electrode was a cathode with the preionization electrode.
4229	The development of the discharges with and without powder in the plate-plate electrode system was examined using optical measurements, namely, a high-speed camera, laser-shadowgraphy, and schlieren method.
4230	The shadowgraph was recorded on a Polaroid film.
4231	The observation was carried out using the high-speed camera and laser schlieren method.
4232	Framing pictures are taken at the time that is marked in the waveforms of the current and the total light intensity.
4233	The bright particle-images exist in wider region between the plate-plate electrodes.
4234	The anode plasma stayed locally near the tip of the non-plate anode during the discharge without powder as shown in Fig.
4235	The powder plasma region is recognized in the schlieren patterns.
4236	A current filament is also formed between the anode plasma and the powder plasma.
4237	The early stage of powder plasmas that influenced plasma development by pulsed high-current discharges was examined.
4238	This problem can be overcome by converting it into its salt, like the ammonium salt.
4239	Furthermore, the preparation of the catalyst is very simple, inexpensive and reusable without any loss of activity.
4240	The reaction mixture was stirred at 80 o C for 3 h, evaporated to dryness, and kept overnight at 120 o C. The catalyst was calcined in air at 350 o C for 4 h to obtain monoammonium salt of 12-tungsto-phosphoric acid.
4241	Among the diverse modifications that are possible to achieve, grafting of synthetic polymer is a convenient method.
4242	The combined effect of the principal reaction variables for the grafting process was systematically studied to achieve the optimum conditions.
4243	The grafting reaction was carried out in homogeneous phase by using ammonium persulfate initiator in dilute acetic acid solution.
4244	All other chemicals were of analytical grade.
4245	The band at 1400 -1100 cm -1 is C-O stretching of secondary alcohols on the chitosan backbones.
4246	Increasing the initiator concentration further resulted in a decrease of grafting yield.
4247	This may be attributed to the fact that at high concentration of chitosan, the viscosity of the reaction medium increases, which hinders the movement of free radicals and monomer, thus causing a decrease of the grafting parameters.
4248	The optimum conditions for graft copolymerization were determined to be: chitosan amount 0.50 g, acetic acid 0.086 mol/L, reaction temperature 80°C; MAN 0.201 mol/L, APS concentration 0.0108 mol/L, SDS 0.0016 mol/L.
4249	This debt has emerged from a deficiency of domestic capital needed to fund higher levels of government spending with inadequate domestic financial resources, higher import bills and stagnant export revenues.
4250	With fiscal and current account deficits remaining common for Pakistan's economy over the last two decades, the government has had several options to fill its implied funding gap.
4251	Most of the aid provided during the initial period of Pakistan's economic history was in the form of grants and soft loans.
4252	The high taxes imposed to meet the debt servicing obligation then become a heavy burden.
4253	Previous studies by Siddiqui and Malik, 2001; Chaudhary and Anwar, 2000, 2001; and Burney, 1988 have examined debt in relation to economic growth but without incorporating the time series properties of the data.
4254	The paper continues by providing in Section-II a brief review of literature, section-III examines the econometric methodology and data, section-IV presents the empirical estimation of the model, and section-V presents the conclusions of the study.
4255	The IMF's demand to devalue the domestic currency against dollar in order to enhance exports has not been successful, with exports remaining stagnant due to weak commodity prices.
4256	For example, public demand for debt increases the domestic interest rate and thereby crowding out domestic investment.
4257	The debt services is included in neoclassical production function, due the fact the debt service payment is collect on accumulated debt, which finances the domestic project; efficient utilization of the external debt will positively contribute to economic growth and DS will appear with positive sign.
4258	Real GDP is obtained by deflating the nominal GDP by consumer price index, instead of using the labour force we have used the employed labour force in order to avert overestimation owing to unemployment.
4259	Except for DS, the expected sign of the coefficients is positive.
4260	The table 1 shows regression results, which shows that GDP is negatively related with debt services, and positively related with investment and employed labor force, negative association of debt services postulates the fact that most of foreign economic resources were not properly utilized and wasted, the results indicate that each percent of US dollar debt service reduce the GDP by 0.06 percent, while on other hand each percent of investment increase the GDP by 0.17 percent and one percent employed labor force contribute to increase the GDP by 1.38 percent.
4261	Trace test indicates 1 cointegrating equation at the 0.05 level of significance.
4262	This may lead to a pro longed, poorly tol er ated pro ce dure with subop ti mal sam ple col lec tion.
4263	Sub jects were then given the topi cal an aes thetic by the nurse be fore the phy si cian en tered the en do scopy suite.
4264	SU JETS : Une sé rie de trente pa tients con sen tants ad res sés pour une fi bro sco pie bron chique pour des in di ca tions variées.
4265	RÉSUL TATS : Quinze pa tients ont été ran domisés en deux groupes.
4266	CON CLU SIONS : Le nou veau système de masque muni d'un dis po si tif d'espace ment per met de réduire con sidé rable ment la dose de lido caïne req uise pour procéder à une an es thésie pré broncho scopique lo cale équiva lente à celle pra tiquée par une méth ode plus clas sique.
4267	The oral na sal mask al lowed the pa tients to use the open mouth tech nique for breath ing in the medi ca tion.
4268	The number of coughs and vari ous times were re corded by the nurse re search as sis tant us ing a man ual coun ter and stop watch.
4269	The safety and ease of pre medi ca tion with lido caine us ing the new spacer/ mask method al lows en do scopy nurses to read ily per form this pro ce dure, thus sav ing phy si cian time.
4270	The nurse who gave the pre medi ca tion an aes thetic also counted coughs us ing a man ual coun ter.
4271	We pro pose that the spacer de vice tech nique re sults in de liv ery of a more uni form dis tri bu tion of the medi ca tion to the airways.
4272	On admission, a physical examination did not reveal any notable findings except severe persistent pain and tenderness on the posterior aspect of his neck.
4273	Computed tomography scanning showed a Type 2 odontoid fracture with transverse ligament disruption, but there was no focal area of cord compression.
4274	Although Ryken, et al., 19 have demonstrated that bicortical cervical vertical screws are superior to unicortical screws in terms of pullout strength and decreased wobble, excessive penetration of the lateral mass of C-1, especially with a straight or divergent trajectory, may put the hypoglossal nerve and ICA at risk.
4275	There have been several reports of hypoglossal nerve injury caused by C1-2 transarticular screw fixation.
4276	Figure 3 shows that the organism was not able to grow in media containing Յ0.1 M Cl Ϫ plus 1.0 M NaNO 3 but was able to grow at a rate of ϳ5 generations/day in the presence of 0.3 M Cl Ϫ plus 0.7 M NaNO 3 .
4277	Growth rates were determined after a second subculture into M63-5ϫ Mg-Fe-10 mM glucose-0.3 M NaCl-0.7 M salt or 1.1 M glucose.
4278	Ϫ ions for growth.
4279	However, in JS the failure of fibers to cross the midline is not a generalized pathologic feature, because the fibers within the optic chiasm, corpus callosum, and other decussating pathways are not affected.
4280	Scan parameters were TR, 8,000 ms; TE, 91 ms; matrix size, 128 ϫ 120 mm; and FOV, 256 ϫ 240 mm.
4281	Absence of the "focal red dot" was interpreted as an absence of a decussation of the fiber tracts within the superior cerebellar peduncles, respectively, as an absence of the decussatio pedunculorum cerebellarium superiorum.
4282	In addition, we could confirm the neuropathologic findings of the absence of the decussation of the corticospinal tract.
4283	The findings of Parisi et al 24 suggested at least some degree of decussation of the superior cerebellar peduncles and of the corticospinal tract.
4284	They concluded that AHI1 may be a crucial cell-autonomous modulator of axonal decussation.
4285	The number of patients seemed small, but, with an estimated prevalence of 1:100,000, recruiting of patients with JS capable of cooperating sufficiently was very difficult.
4286	In this work, the K-means was repeated for 50 times on each data set with random initializations of the cluster centers and and k was fixed to the true number of classes.
4287	Variability of Kmeans impacts the diversity of the ensemble.
4288	We realize the inherent deficiency in this process, and adopt it only as a compromise in view of exceptional cost of the stochastic search for supported clusters.
4289	This is a clear indication of delocalized bonding governing the globular shapes of these clusters, as is the case in many metallic clusters.
4290	We aimed at gaining understanding as to why the clusters undergo planarization upon deposition, from the point of view of their electronic structures.
4291	In what follows, we argue that planarization is due, in large, to the second-order Jahn-Teller effect, which also can be called partial covalency.
4292	The configurations were artificially created where the clusters would lay flat; upon geometry optimizations these go to the up-right positions, indicating that there are not even metastable minima corresponding to horizontal clusters.
4293	Planarization of the anions is due to recruitment of both 6s-and 6-p-AOs on Pt into chemical bonding leading to partial covalency, or a second order Jahn-Teller effect.
4294	Safeguards against commercial bias have been put in place.
4295	The authors report no competing interests.
4296	The authors discuss the role of prebiotics, probiotics, synbiotics, and fecal microbiota transplantation as potential microbiota restorative therapies and note that these are investigational and not approved by the US Food and Drug Administration.
4297	Read the activity.
4298	The term microbiome refers to the total number of microorganisms and their genetic material and is contrasted from the term microbiota, which is the microbial population present in different ecosystems in the body.
4299	The average human has 100 trillion microbes in the gut, which is 10 times more than the cells in the human body; hence, the commensal bacteria and fungi that inhabit our bodies vastly outnumber our human cells.
4300	The pathophysiology of IBS is postulated to include alterations in the gut motility, enhanced visceral hypersensitivity, postinfectious states, food sensitivity, and, more recently, a possible role of altered intestinal microbiota.
4301	Dysregulated cross-talk between the brain and the gut immune system may be an important contributor to the pathogenesis of several conditions, including schizophrenia, mood disorders, obsessive-compulsive disorder, autism, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, anorexia nervosa, narcolepsy, and chronic fatigue syndrome.
4302	Volume, acid concentration, and acid output of gastric juice were measured every five minutes and, for ready comparison with the results in the other patients, the 15-minute volumes and outputs were derived from simple addition of three consecutive five minute values.
4303	Although detailed studies of the blood sugar curves were not made in these two patients, there was no apparent difference in the values of the fasting and two postinsulin specimens.
4304	Deuteron bunches of 4-ns width and with a repetition period of about 80 ns are making the neutron beam quasi-continuous in time.
4305	The device-to-device response for all the dosimeter series varied only by a few percent, proving a good reproducibility of the measured results.
4306	In the calculation of the gamma dose, the weak attenuation of the photons in air was taken into account.
4307	Taking into account the above measurements of gamma-ray contamination, the REM and NMRC RadFET responses to the 20.4 MeV neutrons were calculated as follows.
4308	In this way the cumulated total neutron fluence of cm was converted into a dose in Silicon of about 744 .
4309	In the dose range below 1 the sensitivity of the RadFETs seems to be different and not following the power law response explained in Section II-A with an index close to one.
4310	In turn, these apply different restraining forces on electrons attempting to leave the oxide.
4311	Further GEANT4 analysis, using more accurate representations of MOSFET structures, may clarify this apparent effect of sensor-layer thickness on charge yield.
4312	Only for low neutron fluences the gamma calibration might be adopted by a scaling factor in order to measure neutron doses.
4313	While MOSFETs are thought of as "neutron-insensitive," introducing a hydrogenous material gave neutron sensitivity values which were higher than the sensitivity for gamma rays.
4314	Thorax with cervical sclerites brown; pronotum yellow with large brownish area dorsally; prescutum slightly pruinose, reddish-brown, widely margined with yellow, including prescutal pits, triangular posterior region after the suture also yellow; scutum slightly shining, reddish-brown with posterior angles of the lobes and wide median area between them yellow; scutellum slightly shining, yellow; mediotergite pruinose, brownish with yellow margins; pleurae yellow, with indistinct brownish areas.
4315	DISCUSSION.
4316	Body length and wing length ca.
4317	Head yellow, rostrum yellow, palpi brownish.
4318	ETYMOLOGY.
4319	This species is named after its collector, Konstantin Ya.
4320	Kazakhstan.
4321	The emission of sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxides from industrial waste gas in Hubei province has been declining year by year since 2011; sulfur dioxide emissions and nitrogen oxide emissions from industrial waste gas in Hubei Province in 2015 were 407.83 million tons and 381,969,000 tons, respectively.
4322	The characteristic factors include the emissions of sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxides from the industrial and domestic exhaust gases that cause atmospheric pollution; the provincial GDP and population that are relevant to the air quality.
4323	The area of nature reserves and the number of publicity and education activities in social bad environment also have a certain influence.
4324	The effect of other characteristic factors is not significant.
4325	Conventionally, the elevation information was often extracted from topographical sheets, in which the elevation is depicted as contour lines.
4326	Some of the segments indicate the concordant summits.
4327	Among the variables, the major difference was noted in slope, relative relief, LS and curvature along with the stream networks derived.
4328	The ROC curve analysis revealed the capacity of SRTM elevation datasets to correctly derive the terrain parameters by providing the LSI map with the prediction accuracy of 0.77, assessed through the area under curve analysis, which is considered as above the acceptable limit, whereas that of ASTER-derived LSI map showed poor predictability with an area under the curve of 0.67.
4329	The substrate in which WH bears den is also unique.
4330	The mean movement rate during migration was determined by taking the mean of the speed values occurring during this period.
4331	The average direction of the path taken by each female was determined by first calculating the direction vectors of each step relative to north, then finding the mean angle formed by the vector means.
4332	The value of r ranges from 0 to 1 and varies inversely with dispersion, so that increasingly unidirectional movement has a larger r value.
4333	Ideal path angles were defined as the angle relative to north formed by the shortest path to the coast from the starting location of cluster 2 behaviour, as determined using the analysis toolset in ArcGIS.
4334	Females did not differ in their movement rates, but migration measured by straightness and turning angles varied among individuals.
4335	If this behaviour is learned, then the cues prompting the similar orientations of migration paths remain unknown.
4336	Subgroup analyses even presented a significantly higher mortality in the mechanical TA group than in the non-TA group at 1-year follow-up.
4337	Hoole et al 45 evaluated serial measurements of the index of microcirculatory resistance in patients with STEMI undergoing PPCI and assessed the impact of TA on microvascular function.
4338	Moreover, TROFI trial data also showed no differences between the TA and PCI-only group for cardiac death, reinfarction in the territory of the infarction-related vessel, allcause death, stroke, definite stent thrombosis, or non-TVR.
4339	Here, TA might be not that effective for myocardial salvage compared with the scenario of timely performed TA, so that negative effects outweigh potential positive effects.
4340	However, additional factors, such as right ventricular involvement or rhythm disorders, might come into account.
4341	More interestingly, there seems to be a correlation of fibrin content and time to thrombectomy, as well as admission hs-TnT.
4342	These considerations make manual TA a still promising approach whenever visible thrombus is present but not as a routine procedure in all MIs.
4343	Adding an anticoagulant not only modulates coagulation and fibrin deposition but indirectly influences leukocyte-dependent tissue factor generation and platelet activation.
4344	FXa is only active on the cell surface where it is protected from its inactivation through tissue factor pathway inhibitor and antithrombin.
4345	The future of TA currently remains uncertain because of the many controversial facts discussed above.
4346	In conclusion, despite controversial trial data on the efficacy of manual TA during PPCI, especially the lack of clinical benefit associated with its routine use in STEMI, the authors think that manual TA today still remains a useful tool of consideration for the interventional cardiologist in certain specific situations, especially when dealing with fresh thrombus and high thrombus burden.
4347	Experiments in which fewer than three pairs of blood samples were obtained were discarded.
4348	In one experiment with the low-propionate infusion and in two with the high-propionate infusion insufficient blood was obtained for propionate estimations.
4349	Results for experiments using low-and high-propionate infusion rates were combined as values for CV did not differ significantly.
4350	The present procedure was designed to cause minimal disturbance and the sheep did not show any signs of stress during experiments, although food intake tended to be reduced on the day following an experiment.
4351	Although these experiments were not designed to study this point, the results did suggest that portal blood flow was more sensitive to butyrate than to propionate.
4352	Differences between sheep were not significant, Differences in pyruvate concentration between portal venous and aortic blood were very small and variable, and these results have not been included in Table 4 .
4353	However, even a small conversion of propionate to lactate would be of considerable importance to the actively dividing cells of the rumen epithelium, as it provides a unique pathway for the extramitochondrial generation of NADPH required for synthetic processes.
4354	A policy object encapsulates the policy and a security manager object enforces it.
4355	It does this to see if there is sufficient permission for the requested access.
4356	First, lazy loading means that classes are loaded on demand, on a just-in-time basis.
4357	Therefore, two types in the Java runtime are equal if both the class types are equal and their defining class loaders are identical.
4358	Given all classes in one Java runtime environment, we can easily form a class-loading tree to reflect the class-loading relationship.
4359	Figure 2 depicts such a defining relationship.
4360	Another relationship between class loader objects is delegation.
4361	Figure 3 illustrates the delegation relationship.
4362	Calls a customizable method to find the class elsewhere.
4363	Tissue sections exposed to emulsion for 12 weeks were chosen for analysis.
4364	As it is unlikely that LHRH is synthesized within the nucleus, this distribution of activity could indicate that both the Leydig cell and the spermatogonium represent target sites for LHRH.
4365	We therefore attempted to identify p200.
4366	As shown in Figure 3a , tyrosine phosphorylation of ErbB3 was high in signet-ring cell carcinoma cell lines, and corresponded with the association of PI3-kinase with ErbB3.
4367	These results suggest that the tyrosine phosphorylation of ErbB3 may be important for formation of signet-ring cell carcinoma.
4368	In a previous study, a chimeric EGFR whose C-terminal autophosphorylation site was replaced by a corresponding region of ErbB3 was shown to generate ErbB3 types of signaling, but not EGFR types, which indicates the importance of the C-terminal regions of ErbBs to generate the receptor-specific signal transduction.
4369	Thus, we believed that the constitutively activated type of ErbB3 chimeric receptor, ErbB3-CT, was a good tool to investigate the role of ErbB3 signaling pathway.
4370	However, it is also pointed out that bone wax has an alleviating effect on infections and wound healing inhibitors.
4371	Preoperatively, as a standard procedure for all patients operative field was disinfected with polyvinylpyrrolidone iodine application and covered with a sterile drape without leaving the chest area open.
4372	Mediastinitis or deep sternal infection was defined as sternal instability or dehiscences with purulent discharge or positive microbiology.
4373	In advanced age group, especially in female patients sternal bone tissues and mineral loss increase the risk of deep sternal infection and osteomyelitis.
4374	In an autopsy case series of 18 patients, even after 10 years, it was verified that bone wax was not absorbed, and 17 patients had chronic inflammation.
4375	In this study, they found that the presence of sternal wound infection, kidney failure, smoking and bone wax application were independent risk factors in the development of sternocutaneous fistulas.
4376	Following injection of anti-PMSG a rapid and significant decline of oestradiol and androgen occurred in the serum, medium and tissue, while progesterone in the medium and tissue increased and subsequently declined.
4377	Standard measurements of air quality, such as CO 2 concentrations, are of limited use when no damage in the building is found.
4378	Pommer et al.
4379	Before the first sampling period and after each sampling period, the vests were laundered in the same way by a laundry and stored together in a plastic bag.
4380	The procedure was performed according to Levin et al.
4381	The flow rate through each tube was measured at the beginning and end of the sampling period, and an average flow rate was calculated.
4382	The filters were weighed on a microbalance in a climate-controlled room at the National Institute for Working Life in Solna, Sweden.
4383	A PC consists of two parts, the scores and the loadings.
4384	Among the 38 were the aldehydes from hexanal to undecanal; the olefins from decane to tetradecane; the aromatics benzene, toluene, m-and p-xylene, ethylbenzene, and styrene; and the terpenes limonene, a-pinene, and 3-carene.
4385	TCE was used about The variance among individuals, the variance among buildings, and the ratio of the two variances are given for all substances.
4386	Accordingly, it has been found that VOCs emitted from fresh carpets react with ozone, yielding aldehydes.
4387	The corresponding values for acetaldehyde were 5 and 27 mg/m 3 .
4388	Hauschildt concludes that ''dust does not seem to have any objective or subjective effects on humans'', while Pan found that particles affected tear film break-up time and caused subjective effects among the participants.
4389	The mean particle concentration was 439 mg/m 3 in the Hauschildt study and 394 mg/m 3 in the Pan study.
4390	Myrcene is used in fragrances, and the use of fragranced products varies among individuals.
4391	Other buildings, such as buildings 2 and 3, showed large variations in exposures among individuals.
4392	Individuals in building 2 had exposure patterns similar to individuals in building 4, and individuals in building 5 had exposure patterns similar to individuals in building 8.
4393	Thus, the chemical exposure for a group of individuals in a building is not homogenous, and performing stationary measurements of a compound can only give a crude estimate of each individual's exposure to the compound.
4394	People sit in different rooms, perform different tasks, and move around the building encountering different emission sources.
4395	This provides an estimate of each person's average exposure.
4396	This difference in chemical exposures may contribute to the difference in the prevalence of SBS symptoms between the sexes.
4397	Thus, such mixtures appear not only to reduce brain tyrosine and dopamine synthesis and release but also to attenuate dopamine function in a variety of models, in both animals and humans.
4398	Measurements of regional tyrosine levels and ex vivo catecholamine and 5-HT synthesis were used to identify a paradigm for further testing in in vivo neurochemical, behavioral, and fos immunocytochemical models.
4399	The significance level was set at Po0.05.
4400	However, compared to vehicle controls, neither amino acid had any effect on catecholamine synthesis as measured by DOPA accumulation.
4401	Thus, 250 mg/kg i.p.
4402	In all these regions, this effect of the mixture was partially reversed by injecting 750 mg/kg i.p.
4403	The results in fact show that while single, or up to three BCAAs lowered tyrosine, they had no effect on dopamine synthesis in our experiments.
4404	It is likely that the smaller effect of the tryptophan-supplemented BCAA mixture was due to a smaller decrease in tyrosine and dopamine synthesis, compared to the larger mixture.
4405	Recent studies have tested BCAA mixtures in humans and yielded promising results.
4406	HSC/MF pool activation.
4407	Patients carrying I148M variant disclosed higher values in hepatocyte steatosis and were characterized by the loss of a predominant pericentral damage location with higher steatosis in periportal hepatocytes and higher portal inflammation compared to WT subjects.
4408	Taken together, our results indicate that the loss of a predominant pericentral pattern of liver damage and the increased HpSC niche activation are key features in patients carrying I148M variant, independently to other clinical and histological parameters.
4409	These parallel observations seem to suggest a common pathogenetic link between periportal hepatocyte injury and PNPLA3, irrespectively of disease aetiology and based on DR.
4410	Analysis of PNPLA3.
4411	In addition to being a well-characterized inhibitor of the mitochondrial PTP, CsA is also a potent inhibitor of specific protein phosphatases, e.g., calcineurin.
4412	Since the positive affect of FK506 with astrocytes suggests that PTP inhibition is not necessary for the inhibition of mitochondrial depolarization by CsA, another PTP inhibitor without known effects on protein phosphorylation was tested.
4413	To obtain VIA instrument measurements of LMA for the stationary procedures outlined above, each carcass was evaluated immediately following carcass ribbing in the regrade bay of the "sales cooler" before any carcass movement occurred.
4414	After the completion of each circulation, experts again, independently, measured via the plastic grid the LMA of each carcass side.
4415	Repeatability of VIA estimates of LMA was assessed first by determining the mean of the absolute differences between individual VIA LMA measurements and the average of those same measurements in each set of three images obtained per instrument for the three procedures of the study.
4416	These mean absolute differences were compared to the same computations made among LMA measurements of the three experts using the plastic grid method.
4417	Means, standard deviations, minimal and maximal values for LMA measurements are presented in Table 1 by carcass side and measurement method.
4418	Variance for individual VIA LMA measures also increased as the procedures changed from a stationary to an operational mode.
4419	Therefore, the acetate/planimeter-traced technique of measuring LMA may provide a more accurate representation of actual LMA, and should be the technique used to determine the accuracy of any instrument-derived LMA.
4420	This conclusion was substantiated by the findings of Bodwell et al.
4421	If the acetate/planimeter-traced method is considered the actual measurement of LMA, then it may be useful to add a constant value of 1 cm 2 to each of the VIA measurements and to subtract a constant value of 4 cm 2 from each of the grid measurements to more closely approximate the defined actual value of LMA.
4422	Video image analysis instrumentation can be used to assess beef carcass longissimus muscle area in both stationary and operational scenarios with high levels of accuracy and repeatability.
4423	Thus, accurate prediction and assessment of explosion is a challenging task.
4424	Explosions in vessels with obstacles are highly unsteady and often involve complicated flow patterns such as shear layers and recirculation zones, and LES is expected to provide more promising predictions compared to RANS.
4425	The ultimate purpose of this research is to develop LES sub-models and tools for realistic explosion scenarios where the scales can range from several meters to hundreds of meters.
4426	The computational setup presented in this paper may also be extended to large-scale and more complex cases of the vented explosion that typically occur in the processing industries.
4427	The computational domain of the explosion chamber has dimensions of 50 × 50 × 250 mm.
4428	It is adequately extended to 325 mm in x, y and 500 mm in the z direction.
4429	All the LES simulations are performed on an HP Z420 workstation with an Intel Xeon 3.5 GHz processor.
4430	The second aim is to assess the ability of LES and the implemented DFSD model in capturing key characteristics of explosion dynamics and predicting the essential safety-related parameters such as the peak overpressure in the chamber.
4431	Another interesting observation is that for case BB0S only, there is a noticeable small pressure peak when it is dropping at around 10 ms.
4432	In this case, the flame stretches to a high level as it passes the three successive baffles, which is a result of high level of turbulence caused by the baffle plates.
4433	At this instant, the most intense recirculation appears near the vertical sides of the central obstacle.
4434	In Diary this is revealed in the endless self-analysis of signification through Freud and Jung, graphology and Stendhal syndrome, anatomy and phrenology, to name a few.
4435	Herein, Diary is a work of fiction that exposes its composition because it constantly attempts to stand outside itself as though it were excessive, too much for language to dominate in its own terms.
4436	Rather, it points to the way that signification-at least in the Minimalist mode-speaks through the speaking being.
4437	We should understand speculation here with all of the importance given to it by German Idealist philosophers such as Schelling, Fichte, and Hegel: Minimalist prose is jarring to read because time itself is marked by the intervention of judgement.
4438	Palahniuk brings the reader into his stories to labour in service of the narrative even though the reader stands outside the book itself.
4439	The rooms of Peter Wilmot are dark places where the entire space has been overtaken by someone's graphic mania.
4440	These summer people, poor Misty, she tells them, Mr.
4441	Wilmot wasn't himself for the last year or so.
4442	Out in her car, there's a crowbar.
4443	Wilmot going crazy.
4444	Diary is but one instance where we can observe how the Romantic Minimalist methods of Palahniuk enable him to write scenes of terror without passing judgement, shifting this labour onto the reader.
4445	In this disclosure, we encounter an in-aesthetic excess that interrupts the narrative by pushing the reader to intervene and pass judgement from within the narrative's aesthetics.
4446	It can therefore be proposed that the presence of an autonomous replication of a viral RNA associated with the expression of ZIKV NS proteins, makes cells resistant to several extrinsic and intrinsic apoptotic inducers.
4447	To date, there is no effective treatment against this emerging pathogen despite significant efforts made to succeed in providing an effective vaccine.
4448	The mechanism by which the virus allows the Bcl-2 stabilization and blocks apoptosis needs further investigation.
4449	Each part in the ecosystem has its own particular context, which is di erent from others.
4450	However, due to crosscut, the codes are easily scattered and tangled by context, which increase the costs of healthcare applications' development and maintenance.
4451	Data mashup-based web technology was proposed by Elmisery et al.
4452	As a result, the application can adjust its behavior to fit the changes of contexts through dynamic layer replacement.
4453	To relieve the overhead, the objects are evolved lazily in our approach.
4454	Next, the impact of the evolution on type safety is analyzed.
4455	Similarly, we introduce COP programming paradigm from programming language area to reduce codes' scatter and tangle in IoMT applications.
4456	Compared with delegation, proxy is easier to achieve semantic analysis and implementation of layer activation and deactivation, although it suffers from a little less flexibility.
4457	Secondly, layer activation is on a per-instance basis rather than a perthread basis.
4458	Although ContextFJ and our approach both directly express context-dependent behavior, there are still some differences between them.
4459	Since only O b points to O L1 , the redirection can avoid scan heap and stack.
4460	Specifically, when a layer is replaced, due to context mismatch, the version number of a base class is increased by 1 only if the same name layered class in the layer is loaded.
4461	In comparison to most other VMs, JamVM is extremely small; hence, it is easier for us to extend.
4462	In order to implement object evolution, we mainly extend JamVM's class loader, interpreter, resolution, and memory allocation.
4463	At runtime, they are used to create a double-linked object list, a runtime object.
4464	If its value is zero, VM does not check whether or not a layer matches the current context.
4465	If the evolution succeeds, then the resolution module looks for its method body in real_obj and executes it.
4466	SF 6 is required to gradually limit its use worldwide due to environmental issues.
4467	There is no breakdown voltage after 100 blows.
4468	II.
4469	When the barometer value reaches the partial pressure value, turn off the gas inlet switch.
4470	Before the start of the experiment, the pulse generator was used to calibrate the amplitude and apparent charge of the measured PD signal.
4471	Since the charged positive ions move relatively slowly near the needle electrode, the direction of the field strength formed by the needle electrode is opposite to the direction of the external field strength, so that the field strength near the needle electrode is weakened, thereby increasing the voltage value at which the discharge starts.
4472	The variation of the PDIV of the mixed gas with the gas pressure is shown in Figure 9 .
4473	The PDEV characteristics of the mixed gas are not much different from those of PDIV.
4474	As the pressure value increases, the difference between the partial discharge voltage and the breakdown voltage increases slightly.
4475	Potential faults in the equipment can be effectively avoided by detecting partial discharge signals.
4476	In Section V, the AH and Bautin bifurcations are analyzed.
4477	In Section VI, we analyze the Bogdanov-Takens bifurcation.
4478	Finally, the conclusions are presented.
4479	Seen as symbolization and manifestation of the continuing relationship between the living and the dead, masquerades continue to play a vital role in the life of many African societies.
4480	We thus have different types of masquerades for various purposes ranging from those that entertain to those that fulfill ritual functions and those that are used for war or for the enforcement of justice.
4481	Masquerade studies have attracted serious attention from many scholars of African cultures.
4482	Since Carnivals are about possibilities as against cultural festivals that celebrate what already is in existence, it is not surprising that the Abuja Carnival should be a breeding ground for robust and wacky costume combinations in the masquerade art.
4483	Various theories of origin exist each trying to explain how masquerades came about.
4484	Thus, the ancestors overcome by an incomprehensible nostalgia and yearning for the company of man, manifest as masquerades to commune with the living.
4485	In such cases, these masquerades exhibit the characteristics of specific ancestors and can as the occasion demands, foretell the future and perform other ritual functions.
4486	Masquerades are thus believed to be divinities, citizens of heaven who get involved in entertainment and edification through performance so as to balance individual and societal emotions.
4487	It was designed to be an avenue for the showcasing of the rich and diverse cultural heritage of the Nigerian nation, serve the much needed function of pulling in foreign exchange through promoting cultural tourism and promote unity through cultural integration.
4488	As a way of pandering to the tastes of our religious brothers and sisters, the organizers made sure to prohibit any display that could be attributed to ritual powers.
4489	Indeed, the characteristics or powers of a specific masquerade are most often, embedded in its costume and the mask head.
4490	As a "True Listener", Odumodu can only read minds when it dons the mask head and stares into men's hearts.
4491	Carnival masquerades are social masquerades hence there's a deliberate effort to exclude the most important element in a masquerade costume for ritual purposes.
4492	In terms of optical-model parameters, this implies that the magnitude of the average cross-section is roughly determined by the strength of the imaginary potential, whereas the peak-to-valley ratio critically depends on its transparency for the grazing partial waves.
4493	Saclay, BP 2, 91190 Gif-sur-Yvette, France.
4494	For the excitation function measurements, the solid angle was as large as 2.4 msr.
4495	Even though it does not extend to the utmost backward angles, it shows no evidence for an elastic transfer contribution, which would involve a very improbable 8-particle transfer.
4496	Preparation of host cell tRNA.
4497	The elution profiles were fairly reproducible with at least two batches of liver synthetases, two or three preparations of viral 4S RNAs, and with RPC-5 preparations, prepared in the laboratory by the procedure of Pearson et al.
4498	In all of the chromatographic profiles discussed above, aminoacylations were performed with chicken liver methionyl-tRNA synthetase.
4499	In order to verify such claims, we prepared aminoacyltRNA synthetase from RSV-RAV-1-transformed CEF by the usual procedure and used this to acylate the two sources of tRNA.
4500	In general, arginyl-tRNA profiles on RPC-5 were not very reproducible.
4501	Briscoe et al.
4502	It appears that the transformed fibroblasts have a lesser proportion of the major first peak than do normal fibroblasts.
4503	Anthrax is endemic in the South Caucasus region.
4504	A total of 185 soil samples were collected.
4505	After sample collection and bacteriological testing is completed, the molecular characteristics of the pathogen will be examined.
4506	Public health interventions can focus on livestock surveillance and control in identified areas.
4507	Furthermore, the increasing of enzyme activity was also related to the growth of A. oryzae S.
4508	Particularly, both the spore forming stage of A. oryzae S. and the highest enzyme production were at 48 h of fermentation period.
4509	Plants are sessile and unable to escape acute environmental stresses, but they have developed sophisticated responses to cope with and survive stress conditions.
4510	In the lagging strand synthesis, DNA polymerase a uses RNA primers initiated by the primase to synthesize a short DNA and form an RNA-DNA hybrid.
4511	We crossed two dominant ABA-insensitive mutants, abi1-1 and abi2-1, to abo4-1.
4512	Wild-type and abo4-1 seeds were directly sowed on MS medium or MS medium containing 0.3 mM ABA, respectively.
4513	The fresh weight of wild type, abi1-1, abi2-1, abo4-1 abi1-1, and abo4-1 abi2-1 seedlings grown on MS agar medium for 10 d was used to compare with the fresh weight of seedlings grown on 75 and 125 ppm MMS, respectively.
4514	The pictures were taken after seedlings were grown in light for another 5 d.
4515	These results suggest that ABA treatment tended to increase HR frequency of both the wild type and the abo4-1 mutant.
4516	Total RNAs extracted from different seedlings treated or not treated by 100 mM ABA for 5 h were used for hybridization.
4517	Due to the sensitivity of abo4-1 to ABA, we examined TSI expression under ABA treatment.
4518	As shown in Figure 7O , the expression of FLC was lower in abo4-1 and abo4-2 compared to that in the wild type.
4519	However, the expression of FT and AP1 was much higher in abo4-1 and abo4-2 than that in the wild type.
4520	Please notice that no seeds were set in abo4-2 siliques, and fewer seeds were set in abo4-1 than the wild type.
4521	In the abo4-1 and abo4-2 mutant, cell cycle progression is arrested at the G2/M-phase with a hallmark of high CYCB1;1 expression.
4522	However, how ABA inhibits G1/S transition remains an enigma.
4523	The representative data were from one of three independent experiments showing similar results.
4524	Error bars indicate 6SD.
4525	However, the high HR frequency observed in abo4-1 could have a more complex cause.
4526	Sequencing the candidate gene At1g08260 identified a G-to-A point mutation.
4527	The primers used for ChIP are provided in Supplemental Table 1 online.
4528	Inevitably there is a dehumanizing element present in the selection process, a kind of razoring of time and scale that is hard to fathom when the images are removed from the archive and presented in the quiet, darkened gallery space.
4529	The background is arguably more interesting than the foreground, but the utility of the photograph is in its foreground.
4530	In particular, because of the emphasis on the quotidian subject matter, there was a pervasive unevenness in the quality of the images selected for the distinct units of the exhibition.
4531	Sarah Bassnett's article "Arthur S. Goss: Photography and the Modernization of Toronto," included in the exhibition book, explores more fully the historical context of Goss's extensive photographic catalogue, placing Goss in the context of a city undergoing massive geopolitical transformation.
4532	The centre has also acquired a number of smaller personal archival collections, a list of which can be accessed on its website, via the home page menu.
4533	Dynamics of hydrological processes and altitude-specific patterns of vegetation and land-use structures due to sharp changes in altitutde lead to substantial differences in environmental characteristics in mountain system.
4534	The rocks of Lesser Himalaya are exposed within the window.
4535	Each landslide susceptibility assessment method has some advantages and drawbacks as well.
4536	There are several different types of technologies that are commonly utilized in landslide analysis practice.
4537	The decision tree normally requires discrete class labels and they have limitations with respect to the landslide susceptibility representation with continuous value.
4538	The area is more restrained in the center with V-shaped valleys and gently sloped ridges.
4539	The Jorpati Augen gneiss consists of well developed augen structures at lower part and upper part contains both hornblende and garnet-ferrous schist.
4540	The slides also occurred due to road construction where the natural hill slope is modified by the removal of lateral support to make a roadway.
4541	A landslide susceptibility mapping procedure for the application site has been performed previously by Poudyal et al.
4542	A decision tree is a technique for finding and describing structural patterns in data as tree structures; a decision tree does not require advance knowledge of the relationship between all of the input variables and an objective variable.
4543	By using the trained model, the landslide susceptibility values of each pixel on the map are determined via the prediction tool of the software, and the landslide susceptibility map is produced with the help of predicted numerical values of each pixel on the map.
4544	Most of the knowledge come from in-situ observations made by particle detectors onboard spacecraft, and thus the earlier data sets were often dominated by ions with energy above tens of eV because a sunlit spacecraft is often positively charged to several tens of Volts.
4545	In total, we have approximately 180 000 measurements, taken in the period July to November for each of the years 2001-2005.
4546	First, in the regions considered here, i.e., the polar caps and lobe regions at 4-19 Re altitude, the magnetic field lines can be assumed to be equipotential.
4547	Since the ionospheric convection is typically a few 100 m/s, this will not have any significant impact on the footpoint, however.
4548	Nilsson et al.
4549	Likewise, a northward directed IMF will lead to a contraction of the polar cap region.
4550	This suggests enhanced ionization and/ or a more effective transport of cold ions from these regions during active periods.
4551	These blasting holes will be detonated in advance, which will lead to a relatively small volume of initial groove, which will provide more free surface and expansion space for the subsequent blasting hole.
4552	The formation of rock burst fracture zone first appeared in the structural defects.
4553	Cut blasting parameters.
4554	In order to improve the blasting effect and increase circulation footage, according to the actual situation of engineering ,the diamond in the middle of interval charging of parallel hole cut blasting method is designed.
4555	The specification of explosives is 32mm  200mm.
4556	In the actual engineering construction, on the one hand, the professional technical personnel are required and it is necessary to use specialized drilling equipment to ensure the drilling accuracy as far as possible.
4557	Repeated iterations of our trial and error process for constructing tightly fitting mixing models yielded similar results, so that the presented mixing models encompassed the measured data in a highly reproducible way.
4558	In the deep environment, those particles can come from surface primary productivity or be created within the chemotrophic regime of the seep.
4559	The mixing model results reported here provide an informed starting place for additional field and laboratory investigation.
4560	Secondly, there may be a single symbiont that experiences changing exposure to seeping fluids and seawater, thus causing a temporally lagged mixed signal in the tissue that is interpreted as 2 sources.
4561	The primary source of sulfur in this resource must be from seawater sulfate since the brine itself lacks sulfur.
4562	The question can be posed as to whether the thiotrophic sources DSOM BH and DSOM BP might also represent a symbiont rather than free-living microbes.
4563	Previous findings, however, suggest that this is highly unlikely.
4564	Selective feeding or assimilation could help explain some of these weaker correlations.
4565	While none of those assays have been carried out with highly replicated sampling, it is unlikely that a major thiotrophic symbiosis could have escaped detection.
4566	It can be postulated that these samples came from small patches with either a limited supply of particulate material or a locally high source of methane pathway resources.
4567	Dattagupta et al.
4568	Since bathyomodiolin mussels acquire symbiont microbes from the environment after settling, a transition in food sources must occur with growth as modelled by Martins et al.
4569	Unfortunately, the sample archives we used lacked a sufficient number of all size classes to carry out a robust analysis of size-specific diets.
4570	The use of thiotrophic and phytoplankton-based detritus establishes that the Brine Pool and Bush Hill populations of B. childressi are mixotrophic and supplement their methane-derived symbiotic food by feeding on both photic zone-derived and seep-derived detrital products.
4571	Mechanisms producing such small patches could not be identified in the current study.
4572	Future research should be directed at 2 related objectives.
4573	Firstly, the presence, nature and incorporation routes of multiple sources should be confirmed with new and more targeted sampling and live-culture experiments.
4574	Increasing numbers of such binaries are now being discovered.
4575	It is reasonable to suppose that a substantial fraction of the orbits of such binaries will decay completely within a Hubble time.
4576	The ignition shell is located at M r .
4577	The earlier ignition is probably caused , total luminosity L, effective temperature T eff , the position of the helium-burning shell and convective zones as a function of time.
4578	This arises because the distribution of the energy generation has two peaks within the shell; the inner peak has a higher temperature but a very small helium abundance and the outer peak has a slightly lower temperature but a larger helium abundance.
4579	However, these abundances are diluted considerably as mass accretion proceeds.
4580	This is caused by a decrease in the envelope opacity, which occurs because the carbon abundance in the convection zone decreases with accretion.
4581	Evolutionary tracks for the blueward evolution from the yellow giant phase on the log g -log T eff plane.
4582	The second set of assumptions concerns the structure of the accreting CO white dwarf.
4583	Some carbon and little oxygen were produced during the first helium flash.
4584	With m CO:He !
4585	The models were calculated in an effort to simulate evolution following merger of a helium white dwarf with a carbon-oxygen white dwarf, and have been compared with observations of extreme helium stars and, to a lesser extent, R Coronae Borealis stars.
4586	The ferric, aluminum and chloride solutions were prepared from FeCl 3 ·6H 2 O, AlCl 3 ·6H 2 O and 12N HCl, respectively.
4587	All experiments were conducted at 25°C.
4588	A crystal sample holder was used and the diffractograms were not corrected by background diffraction.
4589	For the artificial FeCaCl sludge, there was little difference in chloride removal by distilled water, NO 3 ¹ water and SO 4 2¹ water, and most of the chloride ions were removed from the sludge during the first washing process.
4590	Chloride ions generally form outer-sphere complexes with hydro ferric oxide, and not many chloride ions can be taken up by ferrihydrite.
4591	Moreover, there was the potential for formation of CaFe hydrotalcites, which could take up chloride ions in the Fe CaCl sludge.
4592	These results suggest that artificial AlCaCl sludge mainly consisted of low crystalline boehmite and other minor components that could easily be washed out by distilled water or NO 3 ¹ water.
4593	The filtration rate generally depends on the crystallinity or particle size of the components in the sludge and the surface electric potential at the solid/liquid interface between the sludge and the washing water.
4594	This paper presents eight dimensions of spirituality, as a beginning step to building a theoretical framework for comparing and analysing the "wild" explosion of spiritualities attending late modernity.
4595	These eight themes have been selected from a review of spiritual literature.
4596	Sunny idealism and feel-good beliefs go only so far in explaining life's complexity.
4597	Death, in some life-centred spiritualities, is either absent from consideration or is resisted.
4598	Or in ecological terms, consider the life of a forest.
4599	Balance of life, consumption, and death are priorities; the will to preserve life of one being above all can be viewed as an attempt to assert human control over broader ecological cycles upon which life depends.
4600	Some do not focus on knowledge at all, emphasizing emotional release and communion above thought.
4601	First is the time required: a lifetime, a quick healing, or time beyond life --perhaps reaching through several human lives or into a heavenly afterlife.
4602	Or is the journey a more cerebral and intellectual truth-seeking, understanding certain emotions as distractive ego-grasping?
4603	Others focus more on reverence through relationships and disciplines of responsibility and service.
4604	This is one aspect most neglected by some educational writings on spirituality, moral leadership and community building.
4605	Or does the educator ask, How do I form a defensible position of moral adjudication from which I will presume to distinguish between the rich and the impoverished, the nourishing and the destructive, in spiritual pursuits that become entwined with my practice?
4606	This old debate around relativism cannot ethically be avoided with some sort of squashy practice of pick-and-mix.
4607	We hope this comparative framework will help educators examine more critically the many orientations of spirituality and pedagogy that incorporate spirituality; and assist educators wishing to explore, interrogate or integrate spirituality in their own and others' practice.
4608	This is due to the fact that ducts most frequently used in practice are hard-walled structures and so transmit the acoustic energy/power with great efficiency causing harmful environmental pollution.
4609	Most of the methods of in-duct sources reconstruction are based on modes decomposition, i.e.
4610	Another way to overcome difficulties in obtaining detailed sound sources characteristics is to introduce some additional assumptions allowing to predict the acoustic field propagated in the duct and radiated outside.
4611	Based on analysis of possible ways of producing the measurement set-up at low costs, but still fulfilling conditions of scientific research requirements, we have decided to construct a duct facility in which different field configurations would be obtained by means of a planar source synthesizer, i.e.
4612	Schematic diagram of the measuring set-up is presented in Fig.
4613	To sum up, from among all variants and modifications of thin tube outlets examined from the point of view of their suitability for the purpose of modeling the point source, the variant denoted A, i.e.
4614	Figure 7 shows 3D plots of directivity characteristics for selected excitation frequencies.
4615	One may therefore expect that matrices of such sources will perform well as synthesiz-ers of selected single modes used to examine properties of various in-duct systems and thus verify theoretical models of such systems.
4616	In sum, previous studies that have examined the effect of body modifications and facial appearance on perceptions have found that peoples' perceptions of an individual are indeed influenced by external cues and changes in facial appearance.
4617	Previous studies such as Porter et al.
4618	In this instance, traits other than those we provide to the participants could have possibly come into play and affected the participants' perception of the modified faces.
4619	In addition, of the ten faces, two faces were one of five races: African American, Caucasian, Hispanic, Asian/ Pacific Islander and Other.
4620	Though unmatched in ethnicity, age and hair, all targets were matched on neutral facial expressions.
4621	Non-modified faces were presented to the Survey One participants in their natural, unedited form.
4622	All non-modified photographs were found on public domain websites such as Google and Yahoo.
4623	Participants were not solely limited to the researchers' friends and acquaintances as the survey postings were publicly listed on Myspace and Facebook.
4624	ANOVA was used to determine if participants' ratings of the faces were affected by the presence of modifications on the targets' faces.
4625	However, the hypothesis concerning age received less support.
4626	After sampling and surveying over 500 students, Mayers et al.
4627	One limitation of our 2x7 between subjects factorial design experiment per-Vanderbilt UndergradUate research JoUrnal tains to individual differences between the participants assigned to the modified condition and those assigned to the non-modified condition.
4628	Thus, the number of random variables in this experiment is a limitation.
4629	However, there are very few published literatures in related to the stability of impulsive differential systems with state-dependent impulses.
4630	Based on the linear decomposition methods, the stability problem of nonlinear systems with state-dependent impulses is converted to that of the linear systems with fixed impulses.
4631	Three types of films were selected for the tests: monolayer and three-layer films and market foil.
4632	The synthesis was carried out by adding an aqueous solution of polyhexamethylene guanidine hydrochloride to an aqueous solution of p-aminobenzenesulfonic acid at 20-30 °C and pH 6.5-7 with a dispersant.
4633	It can be concluded that the addition of a PHMG sulphanilate to a film gives it antibacterial properties.
4634	In the F3 case antibacterial properties were stronger against Gram-positive bacteria and slightly weaker against Gram-negative ones.
4635	A similar observation was made by Walczak et al.
4636	Results of the antifungal activity test after one, two, three and four weeks can be found in Table 5 .
4637	Neurons are connected together, in addition to nerves using synapses.
4638	EEG features extracted by common spatial patterns were used for classification.
4639	Perruchoud et al.
4640	However, human grasping experience and knowledge have been under massive studies to be transferred to robots, Mattar et al.
4641	However, there are a number of issues related to interpretation of the massive waves.
4642	If the signal ApEn was less than a threshold, it is epileptic otherwise it is normal.
4643	Overtraining was also not an issue because of smooth mapping function of the input-output.
4644	The EEG data was recorded when subjects were looking at a monitor with 3D environment.
4645	To classify the data, support victor machine SVM was used.
4646	To overcome some error induced by the penalty factor in SVM, a new variable was introduced to add degree of freedom margin in patter recognition.
4647	This could be due to the feature extraction technique used which is not able to distinguish between similar movements.
4648	This is based on blending PCA with C-means clustering.
4649	The technique has an ability to detect the grasping events.
4650	To achieve the stated objectives, the chapter has been structured as follow.
4651	Characterization will be further learned to a robotic system.
4652	This is to minimize the distances to which the different sampled EEG waves are belonging.
4653	To solve this minimization problem, the objective function is differentiated in Eq.
4654	In order to deal with the massive dataset resulting from the grasping, we need also to reduce the dimensionality of the data size, as most of the resulting brain waves look similar with very minor differences.
4655	The next step is to do cantering the massive EEG waves.
4656	This will cause the mean of each column to be zero.
4657	If it is negative, then the relationship is inversely proportional and when one increase the other decreases.
4658	This can be achieved by getting the eigenvectors of the covariance matrix.
4659	The foremost grasping features are hence used in creating accurate events for a robotic dexterous grasping.
4660	It is feared that the distribution of low-quality and falsely marked kimchi may lead to a decline in the reliability of commercial kimchi, cause distrust between producers and customers, and decrease the competitiveness of Korean-made kimchi.
4661	Compiled data were exported to Excel and relative peak areas were calculated.
4662	After PCR, restriction enzymes AluI, HaeIII, MseI, and MspI were applied to cut the amplified 16S rDNA to see if there were differences between T-RF profiles of Korean and Chinese kimchi samples.
4663	The additional use of AluI and MspI bands did not increase the numbers of identified bacteria.
4664	Lb.
4665	However, T-RFLP analysis used in this study offers a promising application in the detection and monitoring of LAB and Bacillus species involved in food ecosystems, especially in vegetable fermentations.
4666	Kimchi manufacturers cannot control the existence of B. cereus to the zero-tolerance level, but strict HACCP system will render its existence to harmless levels.
4667	But these proposals were later withdrawn after the constitutionality of this 1959 Act was successfully challenged in the High Court by Senator John O'Donovan on the equality of representation principle established in relation to Dáil constituencies by Article 16.2 of the Irish constitution.
4668	Fianna Fáil's success in that election, however, was not solely down to the 'Bolander', but was also due to the weakness of vote transfers between the main opposition parties and the especially large number of Labour Party candidates contesting that election, many of whom won relatively small vote levels.
4669	The 2012 Constituency Commission, the fourth under the terms of the 1997 Electoral Act, was established on 27 July 2011 after the publication of the provisional Census 2011 population by area figures.
4670	Laois-Offaly had been the only constituency to remain with the same boundaries and seat numbers across all boundary revisions from 1923 to 2007.
4671	Boundary changes also have an impact on candidate prospects when territory transfers are involved.
4672	Evidence from the last local elections showed instances where new female candidates were able to emerge with significant levels of success in local electoral areas that had gained seats, as indeed was the case with the three Dublin Inner City constituencies.
4673	Given the different nature of the United Kingdom's electoral system, but most notably the use of single-seat constituencies as opposed to the multipleseat constituencies used in the Irish context, this index of change is not readily applicable to Ireland.
4674	To some extent, this need not be surprising.
4675	The high degree of localism associated with Irish politics means that the boundary changes will have an impact particularly on places, given the perception that areas or counties have that it is important to be represented in Dáil É ireann by a representative from the same local area or the same county.
4676	This is important for understanding the microphysics of lightning and TGFs.
4677	The first study to compare optical emission from lightning and TGF was performed by Østgaard et al.
4678	In section 3 we present the timing uncertainties of the TGF measured by RHESSI, sferics measured by WWLLN, and optical measured by LIS.
4679	The discussion and conclusion are presented in sections 4 and 5.
4680	Adjacent events in the same frame are a group and groups occurring within 330 ms and within 5 km are a flash.
4681	Figure 2 shows a 20 ms window with reference time 25 October 2012 13:27:13.221 UT.
4682	This event was also presented in Østgaard et al.
4683	The black histogram is the LIS measurements as presented in Østgaard et al.
4684	All off nadir events must be corrected for.
4685	We have here presented two cases where the TGF peak time was before the LIS times.
4686	The timing between VLF radio from WWLLN and optical signal has been studied by Lay et al.
4687	Suszcynsky et al.
4688	The delay between LIS and radio data is also found by Bitzer et al.
4689	It could be increased by making a beam width smaller, i.e.
4690	Moreover, it seems that, in certain circumstances, application of the NMR cavity configuration may lead to substantial enhancement of the beam excitation, augmented also by beam filtering and beam polarization switching phenomena.
4691	In the case of the resonant cavity, described in subsection 2.2, the EHG beam refracts at successive interfaces between the metamaterial and dielectric media.
4692	In practice, these index changes can be accomplished externally by, for instance, the use of electrooptic effects.
4693	The beam power redistribution between the DP and XP components remains qualitatively constant during beam propagation.
4694	Figure 9 shows how the first two modes evolve after 1-70 round trips in the TE and the TM input polarization cases.
4695	After data collection, we evaluated the homogeneity in gender and confirmed multivariate normality and validity by using factor loadings for the measurement model.
4696	To assess construct validity, the standardized regression loading of each observed variable was calculated.
4697	Self-efficacy plays a crucial role in facilitating self-learning activities.
4698	However, our findings showed that enhancing students' self-efficacy cannot be ignored because of its significant effects on self-learning regardless of direct or mediated effects.
4699	Future research could examine the relationships between the development of self-efficacy and the process of self-learning in teacher education programs.
4700	In this paper, we shall fill this gap.
4701	To this end, we first introduce the basic concept in Sec.
4702	In his study, Hake expresses all thermodynamical relations exclusively in terms of the critical magnetic field.
4703	Many authors keep only this dominant term neglecting the other for simplicity.
4704	This relation makes use of the parameter ␣ 0 for interactions deep in the bulk questionable.
4705	Both scales are of the order of angstroms, making the potential step very sharp.
4706	The fact that the volume change is caused by the surface dipole shows that one should be cautious using the relative change of the volume ␣ 0 as a coefficient of the interaction between the ionic lattice and the condensate.
4707	The theory of the electrostatic potential has been derived under the assumption that the ion lattice is stiff and its deformation is not included.
4708	The nonlocal corrections discussed in Ref.
4709	Metals such as aluminum have weak electron-phonon coupling and one can use the BCS relations.
4710	We have shown that the change of the total specimen volume during the superconducting transition can be expressed as a compression caused by the surface dipole.
4711	To derive the interaction strength, we have used the internal electrostatic potential for the atomic lattice deformation in the bulk.
4712	Indeed, one can resolve even deformations driven by such small changes in magnetization as those caused by the de Haas-van Alphen effect with relative changes of the susceptibility of the order of 1 in 10 7 .
4713	The two approaches compared in this paper represent two extreme models.
4714	In such cases, amplicons were sequenced.
4715	Melting temperature values for the various species successfully amplified ranged from 79.8 °C to 85.7 °C with overlap between various species.
4716	These genera are Hepatozoon, Toxoplasma, and Hammondia.
4717	The result is presented in the Table 1 .
4718	ComFLOW can be run as a one-phase or a two-phase flow model.
4719	The one-phase flow model, see Kleefsman et al.
4720	The issue of wave boundary conditions is dealt with further on.
4721	In other words, the data set, summarized in Table 1 , is extensive.
4722	As an immediate consequence, no wave impact at the structure occurs during the first part of the simulation.
4723	The quality obtained at the stretched grid lies, as expected, between that of the medium grid and the fine grid.
4724	The inflow type boundary condition turns out, as expected, to be less accurate from the moment that wave reflections from the structure reach the incident wave boundary.
4725	For reasons of limited space, no figures are included to confirm this claim.
4726	The CPU time for a limited set of series is shown in Table 5 .
4727	As expected, the time step decreases at finer grids.
4728	Its surface can differ from the cloak, being very finely shagreened.
4729	Operculum completely transparent, yellowish, very thin, elongate-oval.
4730	No eyes.
4731	Odontophore protruding significantly behind the proboscis edge.
4732	Small and shallow depressions on dorsal side of main lateral cusps, corresponding to cusps of preceding row.
4733	Anterior profile of the rachidian slightly concave.
4734	Salivary ducts rather thick, passing into the tubules of the salivary glands without obvious border.
4735	Australia, New South Wales, 2.3 km E of Malabar, 33°59.5ЈS, 151°16.8ЈE, 66-73 m, AMS C330373.
4736	Alimentary system.-Anatomy of the alimentary system is similar to Belloliva brazieri.
4737	Anterior profile of rachidian straight.
4738	Kantor and Bouchet sp.
4739	Ovary occupying upper 2 whorls of the visceral hump, its border with posterior digestive gland forming a wavy line across the whorl.
4740	Female pallial gonoduct large, swollen.
4741	Bursa copulatrix rather large, long, subcylindrical.
4742	Proboscis lumen filled with oval cells with slightly granular cytoplasm.
4743	Anterior profile of the rachidian slightly convex, nearly straight.
4744	Lateral teeth with subtriangular bases and long, curved, hook-like cusps.
4745	Accessory salivary glands absent.
4746	In addition, in B. apoma the central cusp is relatively much narrower and shorter than in B. alaos.
4747	Rachidians rather widely spaced, cusps not abutting the next teeth.
4748	EBISCO, st.
4749	Filament channel completely open.
4750	Parietal plait very narrow, hardly thickened, anterior plating clearly concave in profile, broadened, bearing ten pronounced plicae, diminishing in size adapically.
4751	Color uniformly off-white.
4752	Some specimens are extremely similar to those from the Chesterfields, but most have moderately to strongly developed axial color stripes, sometimes extending over the whole shell, while the background color may differ from off white to light yellow.
4753	Profile of whorls moderately convex, Figure 21 .
4754	We are treating Belloliva exquisita as a single, highly variable species, both in terms of geographical and bathymetric variation.
4755	Head well distinguished from the rest of the body, with two large vertical flaps, bearing large eyes.
4756	The external morphology of the two specimens from New Caledonia is very similar.
4757	Digestive gland small, anterior spanning about 1/6 whorl, posterior about 1 ⁄4 whorl.
4758	Aperture narrow, elongate.
4759	Coral Sea, Lansdowne-Fairway Bank, CORAIL 2, st.
4760	Anterior lobe of digestive gland small, spanning about 1 ⁄4 whorl and completely separated from posterior lobe by stomach, which is oriented obliquely with regard to columellar axis.
4761	Radular sac slightly longer than the odontophore.
4762	From the Greek bolis, a missile, with reference to the general shell profile; used as a noun in apposition.
4763	Rhynchostome opening below the right flap.
4764	Lateral teeth with subrectangular or subtriangular bases and long curved hook-like cusps.
4765	In addition, circulation strength is insufficient to mix the surrounding air in the chamber completely, leading to nonuniformly distributed water-vapor concentration in the chamber.
4766	Later, Goto et al.
4767	Even during sitting, the human eye is exposed to air currents.
4768	The eye end of the inner cylinder is elevated about 1.5 cm away from the eye surface.
4769	Inherent variability of the flow evaporimeter is about 1 order of magnitude smaller than previously reported human tear film evaporation rates.
4770	Subjects had no history of contactlens wear and were free of seasonal allergies and systemic medication.
4771	To ensure identical conditions, all measurements were conducted on weekdays, and subjects were asked to conduct only their regular activities before measurement.
4772	More importantly, we validate that the Berkeley Flow Evaporimeter obeys the dissolution/evaporation picture of Figure 1 as embodied in eqs 1−3.
4773	Subject description and individual fitted R L values are summarized in Table 1 .
4774	Differences in environmental mass resistance, R m , between the mannequin and the human subjects might be due to differences in eye-cavity shapes and blinking patterns for each subject.
4775	Thus, a larger clinical sample size is requisite to establish the repeatability and reproducibility of in vivo evaporation-rate measurement by the flow evaporimeter.
4776	The study was conducted for two semesters to ensure a valid data pool.
4777	The final grades earned for the selected CSM courses was aggregated and rated by academic success.
4778	First, our small sample size may have affected our results compared to the Argosy study.
4779	In addition, future studies could compare results from QM-certified courses to courses that have not been designed using QM standards.
4780	The panel concluded from their meta-analysis that "systematic phonics instruction enhances children's success in learning to read and .
4781	To consider the practical value of differences, we converted the d's to r-type statistics and interpreted them accordingly.
4782	These questions are listed below along with the conclusions the NRP drew and alternative conclusions based on our interpretation of the r-type statistics.
4783	The unimpressive r-type statistics in this section lead one to wonder just how solid is the support for systematic phonics.
4784	The resulting r's are .22, .17, and .13; their corresponding r-squares are .05, .03, and .02.
4785	With reference to these latter three SES levels, phonics and nonphonics approaches are probably equally beneficial.
4786	What do the results of the NRP's meta-analysis and our interpretation of its findings tell us about the role of phonics in teaching children to read?
4787	The findings can be distilled into five concise comments and a summative statement.
4788	No appreciable superiority favoring phonics was noted.
4789	According to the classical picture, 3 nucleation occurs by one-at-a-time deposition of monomers that increase the free energy of a cluster until the free energy barrier at the critical cluster ͑nucleus͒ size is surmounted.
4790	Such an infinite rate is tantamount to assuming the slowest rate ͑growth or dissociation in the stable region͒ completely dominates the ripening process.
4791	Decreasing the temperature increases the cohesive effect of attractive energy relative to thermal energy.
4792	The equations for cluster dissolution take on simple forms when cast in dimensionless variables, and are readily solved numerically.
4793	Of these, S and are the key parameters that determine the order of magnitude of the denucleation rate.
4794	In the current computations, we consider many steps on the stairs, so that the activated fluctuations at the lower few steps will not dominate the overall cluster size distribution evolution, and hence we will take and c as constants of x. This will serve to evaluate the proposed denucleation model, and to illustrate its implementation.
4795	The coefficients ␥ and in Eqs.
4796	Equation ͑3.13͒ is to be solved simultaneously with the difference-differential Eq.
4797	The mass balance, Eq.
4798	A time step of 0.01 was chosen to ensure stability and accuracy of the numerical scheme.
4799	The zeroth moment of the distribution ͑cluster moles͒ versus time is displayed in Fig.
4800	The final CSD is predominately dimer with the concentration of other clusters being nearly equal to zero.
4801	The nature of the final CSD can be discerned mathematically by equating Eq.
4802	The supersaturation, here assumed to be constant, affects only the final number of clusters ͑Fig.
4803	Ripening behavior can still occur under this approximation because smaller stable clusters are in general more soluble than larger clusters.
4804	Here we have verified that the rate of denucleation is quite rapid relative to stable cluster growth and dissolution.
4805	Again the chemical bonding in the TNi4P 16 polyphosphides can be rationalized on the basis of classical twoelectron bonds.
4806	Single crystals of the three polyphosphides were investigated with a precession camera to establish their symmetry and suitability for the data collec tion.
4807	U. Rodewald and Dr.
4808	M. H. Möller for the data collection on the four-circle diffractometer, Mrs.
4809	Adding fibers into the bamboo engineering material during the processing stage can improve the strength of the bamboo engineering material.
4810	Besides, the strain distributions along the length direction were relatively even based on detected strain variation.
4811	Nine components were involved in this system, which were independent reaction system, special fixture for BFRP sheet, tensioning fixture, reaction cylinder, anchor bolt, bearing plate, center hole jack, anchor nut, and force transducer.
4812	Symbols in Table 4 are explained as follows: F′ is the measured load at the fixed end caused by F 0 ; F min ′ is the measured load at the fixed end before releasing the BFRP sheet; and ε 0 ′ is the midspan initial strain caused by the initial prestressed force, which was the average value of strains of the BFRP sheet obtained from three strain gages at the midspan.
4813	In the present study, the flexural and compressive deformations were considered together based on the measurement of the strain variation of the BFRP sheet at the midspan and deflection of the laminated bamboo beam.
4814	At the initial loading stage, no significant change can be observed in all specimens.
4815	When the specimen reached the ultimate load, the BFRP sheet and the bottom fibers of the laminated bamboo beam simultaneously fractured with an abrupt noise.
4816	As discussed in Section 3.2, the bond between the BFRP sheet and laminated bamboo beam was good enough to view the strain obtained from BFRP sheet as the strain of the bottom surface of the laminated bamboo beam.
4817	With the further increase of the applied load, the position of the neutral axis gradually went down.
4818	Note.
4819	Promising solutions have been proposed to address this.
4820	Below, we describe the details of these elements of the SONATA format.
4821	It is up to the user to decide which attributes are stored on a per-type basis and which should be stored individually for each node or edge.
4822	One edge group would be used for connections to biophysically detailed cell models, containing, for example, attributes of synapse location on the dendritic tree of the target cell, local synapse strength, time delay specific to that particular edge, and many others.
4823	For example, one can choose to save membrane voltage and synaptic currents for all compartments and all synapses for a few cells, only somatic membrane voltage for several other cells, and nothing at all for all the other cells.
4824	The reasons for that are non-standardized processing of certain data in different simulators, or even within the same simulator, different approaches for instantiating initial conditions, etc.
4825	It also provides a single threaded writer for multi-compartment simulation output reports.
4826	Users can provide specifications at a high level via its standardized declarative language, e.g.
4827	The development of SONATA was intended to answer the challenges of modern computational neuroscience and especially those inherent in large-scale data-driven modeling of brain networks.
4828	The SONATA community and ecosystem include multiple groups with diverse interests and are growing due to the open-source design.
4829	HDF5 defines a binary container file format for which the HDF Group provides an implementation in C. Bindings for several other languages exist as well.
4830	The storage system did not have dedicated metadata drivers.
4831	The software components used and their versions are the following: glibc 2.25-49, gcc 6.4, boost 1.58, HDF5 1.10.1, Python 2.7, numpy 1.13.3 and MPI 2.16 provided by HPE.
4832	Then, each identified variable is replaced with its dimensionless counterpart, defined by dividing it over a dimensional characteristic constant to be determined.
4833	First, at most N x out of N d coefficients can be imposed to 1, with no control on the orders of magnitude of the remaining N d − N x coefficients.
4834	Even if its solution is beyond the scope of this paper, SE provides an illustrative case study, as discussed below.
4835	Thus, we conclude that Optimal Scaling is capable to explore limiting behaviours of Landau-de Gennes model in extreme ranges of parameters.
4836	Then, such terms may be discarded, allowing for an asymptotic approximation of the equation to solve.
4837	The scaling procedure described in Algorithm 1 can address this problem by providing the feasible values for the dimensionless coefficients λ and the corresponding variables.
4838	The simulation required ≈ 4.8 sec of computation on a 2.70GHz processor.
4839	Such a difference looks computationally tractable, especially if compared with the original dimensional equation, where m 0 /ν 0 ≈ 10 49 L −2 .
4840	We validated the Optimal Scaling method by applying it to three popular problems -the simple Projectile Problem, the Schrödinger Equation for a hydrogen atom in a magnetic field and the Landau-de Gennes model for liquid crystals.
4841	In summary, a particular choice of scaling factors has a strong impact on performance of numerical solver, and the proposed Optimal Scaling procedure, as the name suggests, allows for the optimal choice of such factors.
4842	Partial Derivatives.
4843	The effects of the parameters can easily be seen from the above graphs.
4844	In the following theorem, we will provide the characterization based on upper record values.
4845	For details on these, the interested readers are referred to Emiliano et al.
4846	A density plot in Table 4 The AIC, BIC, CAIC, and HQIC statistics for the data set in Table 2 .
4847	To verify the proposed model, mode multiplexers with high extinction ratio and wavelength insensitive have been designed, fabricated, characterized on the SOI platform.
4848	Based on Eq.
4849	Thus the central taper width W c could be around 840 nm to get high coupling efficiency.
4850	Generally, a longer coupling length combined with a wider taper width difference will make a higher fabrication tolerance.
4851	For a certain fabrication tolerance, which is usually up to the fabrication facilities, the FOM can help find the optimal combinations of W a and L for the tapered ADC.
4852	The input power of single mode waveguide and multi-mode waveguide are set to be 1 and 0, respectively.
4853	Both results show the normalized power of fundamental TE mode start at 1 then gradually decrease to 0, with the TE 1 power gathering along with the light propagating through the coupler.
4854	The length of the coupling region is 44.11 μm.
4855	Moreover, the insertion loss at the working wavelength are also comparable with the former works.
4856	The results indicate that the theoretical model proposed could carry out appropriate design parameters selection for the device performance optimization.
4857	On the other hand, the inverse involute function that computes the angle from the involute is used, for example, in the computation of the center distances between the gear axes, and cannot be expressed mathematically in a direct way.
4858	As the term "t 1/2 " multiplies the brackets, the result will pass through the origin.
4859	Very similar to calculation by Dudley, valid for 0 ≤ u ≤ 45°, with a maximum error E max � − 0.001308 rad � 4.49979′.
4860	For these reasons, we recommend the third new formula Apsol5.
4861	Another trial by Wang et al.
4862	We further compare the Rayleigh signal profiles and SNR of the SMF-and TMF-based DAS when launching pulses of different power levels.
4863	To induce intermodal coupling within the fiber, we freely hang a ∼1 m-section of the TMF to be subjected to an air flow produced by a fan rotating at ∼1100 rpm speed and positioned at a ∼1 m-distance from the hanged fiber.
4864	Compared with the QSM-operated-TMF, the SMF exhibits Rayleigh signal degradation along its length starting at lower pump powers.
4865	As aforementioned, we here bypass the photonic lantern when exciting the LP 01 mode in the TMF.
4866	Consequently, forming the shape of a Rayleigh trace is a random process and we are unable to control the positions of a Rayleigh trace's spikes/dips.
4867	In this section, we show the ability of the QSM-operated-TMF-based DAS to detect other kinds of vibration events.
4868	The corresponding power spectrum of the pencil break event is exhibited in Fig.
4869	We find that the QSM-operated-TMF enhances the mean SNR of the DAS by 2.04 dB, compared with the case of injecting the LP 11a mode into the TMF.
4870	The results of this work show the ability of designing an optical fiber DAS of longer sensing range and higher spatial resolution using the TMF, compared to the traditional SMF-based DAS.
4871	This document was downloaded for personal use only.
4872	The solvent products were typically less than 20 g/L due to toxic effect to bacteria.
4873	Calcium chloride, sodium alginate, and sodium chloride were purchased from Sinopharm Chemical Reagent, Co., Ltd.
4874	The small size of the adsorbents allowed fast adsorption of bacteria.
4875	Commercial conversion of biomass to biobutanol has been severely limited by bottlenecks such as low productivity and high cost of product separation.
4876	Butanol has an energy density of only 36 MJ/kg.
4877	In proposing the toast of the evening, " Success to the Hospital," the Chairman said that in order to make himself familiar with the subject on which he was to speak he had visited the hospital, Their patients were sometimes retained for as long as four months.
4878	We assessed the relationships between the distribution of H. strinatii and the multiple cave features, considering parameters describing both the biotic and abiotic environment.
4879	The components were Varimax rotated to improve interpretation.
4880	We report mean values ± standard errors and the range of variation of parameters.
4881	Our models also provide methodological suggestions that can be useful for other studies focusing on cave salamanders.
4882	This complexity also limits the usefulness of univariate comparisons of environmental parameters between occupied and unoccupied caves.
4883	In regard to rabies, tetanus, and anthrax, the effect of giving alcohol while the immunising process was being carried on was that the immunisation was very seriously interfered with.
4884	If we are to picture to ourselves the natural mode of cure in infectious diseases as arising from a reaction on the part of the leucocytes and tissue cells to the toxins produced by the invading microbes?the production of anti-toxic substances by a vital action on the part of the white and fixed cells?and if alcohol holds this vital action in abeyance, then there would seem to be good scientific reason against the administration of alcohol in such conditions.
4885	An appeal fund has been opened and is being; liberally subscribed to.
4886	Hastings.
4887	Not everybody reacts to stressors the same way.
4888	These rules are mostly effective on preventing the consumption of unhealthy foods than encouraging healthy food intake.
4889	Teenagers spend most of their time at school with their friends and peers; also due to their special mental condition, they are influenced by these interactions in their relations with their environment.
4890	Kyer Peterson suggests a tampon catheter instead of the rough bellows they used, and so prevent air entering the oesophagus, and producing meteorism.
4891	Gou et al fascia.
4892	Therefore, more research is needed to unveil the characteristics of CATS.
4893	The BCSS was defined as the survival time from the diagnosis date of breast cancer to the date of death caused by breast cancer, and the OS was defined as the time from the diagnosis date of breast cancer to the date of death from any cause.
4894	Decreased survival in patients with carcinoma of axillary tail relationship between the breast cancer location and axillary LN metastasis.
4895	The first point is the understaging of CATS at diagnosis.
4896	Second, we found a significant difference between CATS and UOBC based on the large dataset.
4897	Before leaving the subject of hospital heating and ventilation it may be yell briefly to see how the weight of experience goes to show, from the facts gathered together by authorities on such matters, which systems have been found in actual practice to work the best.
4898	The system adopted is known as Plenum.
4899	Nevertheless, it may be useful in specific circumstances.
4900	Specifically, the device may be useful if a left atrial approach is required, for instance in the case of aortic valve disease or as a means of percutaneous mechanical circulatory support during aortic valve interventions.
4901	In the setting of acute MI, the safety, feasibility and efficacy of Impella LP2.5 support was studied in patients with large anterior STEMI in the MACH 2 trial.
4902	Both the Impella LP2.5 and the percutaneously implantable Impella LP5.0 may be the first step towards addressing the need for a minimally invasive and easily deployable mechanical assist device that provides superior haemodynamic support compared with IABP.
4903	The primary end-point will be mortality after 30 days.
4904	The changes in the shortwave and longwave fluxes were of the same magnitude but opposite sign.
4905	In many papers published since, it has been assumed that this near cancellation of LWCRF and SWCRF is a fundamental feature of deep convective systems in the Tropics.
4906	In ISCCP data, high cloud optical depth or water content may include contributions from lower clouds.
4907	Note that the spatial extent of oceanic and land regions considered for the data analysis is not the same.
4908	Over the regions with larger shortwave cloud radiative forcing, the magnitude of net CRF is more over land than over ocean.
4909	Thus we find that even though there is a near cancellation between shortwave and longwave cloud forcing in many areas of the Tropics, large net negative cloud forcing is observed over the Asian monsoon region.
4910	The optical depth of high clouds is computed as a weighted average of the optical depth of cirrus, cirrostratus, and deep convective clouds.
4911	Similarly, the variation of SWCRF and LWCRF as a function high cloud amount is shown in Fig.
4912	The percentage of high clouds and the percentage of the region with high cloud optical depth above 12 is shown for different deep convective regions of the Tropics in 1988.
4913	We find that in July and August the Asian monsoon region shows the unique combination of large amount of high clouds with large optical depth.
4914	We have shown that the net cloud radiative forcing over the Asian monsoon region is large and negative by using the ERBE data for the period June-September during 1985-88.
4915	At large optical depths, the effect of cloud albedo exceeds the cloud greenhouse effect and hence these clouds cause large negative net cloud forcing.
4916	We must mention, however, that the clear-sky data are not available in ERBE for some grids in the Asian monsoon region during the months of July and August.
4917	This is on account of the existence of persistent high cloud cover.
4918	Arvind Gambheer and Ms.
4919	A first demonstration of the continuous liquid phase esterification of methanol with propanoic acid is also demonstrated for the most active SZ catalyst.
4920	Catalyst deactivation can be a significant barrier to the commercialisation of solid acid catalysts, with sulfate leaching and irreversible water adsorption often reported responsible for the deactivation of SZ catalysts.
4921	It may be that MDD places individuals at risk for marijuana problems via a similar mechanism.
4922	This in turn may lead to heavier use and a greater number of negative consequences related to marijuana use.
4923	The study was approved by the university and local VHA Institutional Review Boards.
4924	In order to address this issue, we first examined the correlations between each trait to guide decisions for which traits to examine for mediation.
4925	In this sample, marijuana problems were positively associated with NU, PU, and PS.
4926	Marijuana use was also associated with NU, PU, PS, as well as PM.
4927	As can be seen in Fig.
4928	They found that although NU was the strongest predictor of alcohol problems, lack of premeditation was the only moderator of depressive symptoms and alcohol problems.
4929	The present study expands this knowledge by not only showing that the relationship between MDD and marijuana problems may be partially explained by NU, but also in a population of military veterans.
4930	It is possible that greater predisposition to NU precedes the development of both MDD and marijuana problems.
4931	There also appears to be support for bidirectionality in the effects, such that marijuana problems and use could also lead to or exacerbate symptoms of MDD.
4932	In fact, we tested both directional pathways with the mediation analyses and found consistent results, suggesting this is likely a bidirectional relationship, and that NU may be a consistent mediator for both pathways to comorbidity.
4933	Despite these limitations, the findings presented here provide important information about the risk for problematic marijuana use among individuals with co-occurring depressive symptoms, and the role of high levels of NU.
4934	Rarely, when the target temperature is near the droplet's freezing point, high surface tension of the solder induces the droplet to bounce from the substrate.
4935	It is through this relation that either or completely describes the droplet geometry.
4936	This approach can also be applied to other pure and eutectic materials.
4937	In addition, we decouple the fluid flow and heat transfer problems so that whether the droplet is fully liquid or semi-solid, there is one differential equation to be solved for each thermal regime.
4938	Especially for the droplet temperature of 282 C, even a slight heating of the substrate induces recoiling before arrest, which greatly reduces the final bump diameter.
4939	Moreover, the droplet superheat becomes greatly important since the droplet does not reach its freezing point as rapidly as ones on high-effusivity substrates.
4940	Based on this model, it is possible to predict and further, control the bump diameter deposited on various substrates with great ease as compared to conventional numerical procedures.
4941	We present the multi-layered iQC-Graph in Section 2.1, and discuss how the architecture shown in Figure 2 facilitates each of these tasks in Section 2.2.
4942	They enables us to connect the two ends of iQC-Graph with appropriate assessment of contention impact among all intermediate nodes and edges.
4943	Demonstrations SIGMOD'18, June 10-15, 2018, Houston, TX, USA • Q4: Which queries are the cause of highest contention?
4944	The above visual aids help users get answers to questions Q1 to Q7 rapidly.
4945	The final segment in the demo will enable users to examine a set of rules output by the rlGEN module of iQCAR.
4946	Gladstone, and Mr.
4947	Serum Therapy.
4948	As to what serum therapy will or will not ultimately accomplish for medicine, no man of philosophic mind will at present speak with decision.
4949	The expressions found are quite simple, as the systems chosen are such that the polynomial character of the ps, or suitable balanced combinations of ps and qs, ensure collapse or subleading termination of the MBs.
4950	The specification of the maximally symmetric quantum hamiltonian is thus complete.
4951	Similar ⋆-ladder arguments and inequalities apply directly in phase space to all Lie algebras.
4952	Such an analysis makes no assumptions about the underlying genetic model and simply aims to assess whether the cases had a significantly higher likelihood of simultaneously having the variant alleles of both polymorphisms.
4953	Among the 1,494 total significant interactions identified in the U.K.
4954	Given the functions of the protein products and the interrelated pathways through which they act, the potential joint impact of SNPs in these genes would not be particularly surprising, especially if the polymorphisms affect either the amount or the functional efficiency of the expressed proteins.
4955	A thorough investigation of the interactions reported here should be conducted in a large case-control study.
4956	It is interesting to know what can be said about planar graphs.
4957	Suppose the statement is not true.
4958	Without loss of generality, we may assume that G is a planar triangulation.
4959	Subcase 4.6.
4960	It is not hard to see that we may further require T 1 , T 2 be trees.
4961	Without loss of generality, we may assume that x, y, z occur on C in the clockwise order listed.
4962	Let y,ỹ be displacements and Y,Ỹ the associated deformations.
4963	The second notion of distance we will use is the graph theoretic notion.
4964	Energy difference functional.
4965	Intuitively, the definition entails that finite energy perturbations cannot lower the energy.
4966	In particular, it shows that there exist stable configurations with arbitrary net Burgers.
4967	If L is sufficiently large, then there exists a locally stable half-space configuration z : Ω → R containing a dislocation.
4968	Regularity.
4969	In particular the core radius is an interesting concept related to the decay of the "corrector" u to the configuration y predicted by linear elasticity.
4970	Analysis of the energy difference functional 4.1.
4971	In particular, generic minimising sequences cannot be weakly compact.
4972	Having made this special choice of minimising sequence, we use a profile decomposition in §5.6.
4973	In particular, we will show that z can be decomposed into a sum z m and that the support of each z m is analogous to a branch cut for a dipole.
4974	It is intuitively clear from Figure 5 that this can always be done.
4975	Although we state the result for general u ∈Ẇ 1,2 , we will only require it later for u satisfying the DOCP.
4976	Further, we then showed that configurations with arbitrarily many dislocations of arbitrary sign are locally stable, as long as the dislocation cores are suitably separated, but such configurations do not appear to be globally stable.
4977	A.1.
4978	A.3.
4979	We now combine the estimates of Lemma A.1 and Lemma A.2 to obtain an estimate for a general cut z m made up of two straight segments.
4980	Only the high-field data will be presented, which matches the conditions of the g2a data, although the results from the low-field setting are found to be similar.
4981	Of course, the reaction we measured was on deuterium, not a free neutron.
4982	In this case, the upper limit is increased by a factor of 5, to 20-25 nb.
4983	Clearly, a measurement without a rescattering correction would be better.
4984	Using the ABI Prism 7700 Sequence Detection System, the following reaction conditions were used: an initial denaturation at 48uC for 30 min, followed by 95uC for 15 min, and then 40 cycles of 95uC for 15 sec, and 55uC for 1 min, and a final unlimited 4uC hold.
4985	After the removal of the paraffin by xylene and dehydration by graded alcohol, the slides were immersed into distilled water.
4986	To confirm that the protein expression of inflammatory markers were altered in the ileum of DM rats treated with acarbose, immunohistochemistry analyses for TNF-a, IL6 and MAPK1 were performed on ileum tissues.
4987	In addition, serum IL-6 and TNF-a levels were shown to be significantly decreased in the AcarH group.
4988	These results provide molecular information for the future investigation of the mechanisms by which acarbose regulates glucose metabolism in DM rats at the miRNA level.
4989	In its original formulation, situated-automata theory dealt with the state of a system as an unanalyzed whole.
4990	Instead of writing a program that defines the target machine directly, the designer writes a program that, when run, computes a logical description of the machine.
4991	Rex extends Lisp through the addition of a number of forms which compute machine descriptions.
4992	Within a constraint, storage locations are named by storage terms, which are typically represented by Lisp atoms.
4993	Constrained storage terms are made up of a distinguished storage term and a wff which specifies the behavior of the location named by that storage term in terms of other storage locations.
4994	In the definitions above, plusm is just one example of a number of standard arithmetic and logical primitives available to the programmer.
4995	Primitive functional machines follow the convention of being named by the name of the function they compute with an 'm' appended to the end.
4996	It is important to note that the Rex primitive forms define the way values are to be computed when the machine being specified is ultimately run.
4997	Once such functions are defined, a low-level machine description is calculated in two steps.
4998	The values of x and y encode the cartesian coordinates of the object detected by the sensor in the robot's current frame of reference; if no object is sensed, the values of x and y are equal to the distiguished constant BOTTOM.
4999	Only the proof of the third lemma will be presented; the proofs of the other two lemmas are similar in structure.
5000	An implementation of Rex exists that generates sequential code for controlling the robot, Since the machine descriptions computed by Rex are similar to circuit diagrams, more direct realizations in hardware are being considered.
5001	Intraperitoneal abscess and infections are important health problems and cause mortality and morbidity.
5002	During the surgical operations, normal saline irrigation is used widely to clean the peritoneal surface which has not any antimicrobial activity.
5003	On follow-up examination, no death of rats was observed.
5004	However, it is obvious that strong acid electrolyzed water may have corrosive effect is not used widely for intraperitoneal conditions.
5005	The most important finding of the current study was lower white blood cell counts in the rats receiving multiple doses of SOW.
5006	However, the leucocyte counts were in normal range in all rats administered a single dose of intraperitoneal SOW infusion.
5007	Second, we focused on peritoneal and liver complications occurring after infusion of SOW, and did not assess the other systemic complications such as fever or involvement of other organs.
5008	The saturation of the SFDR curves at lower input frequencies is due to the limited simulation accuracy.
5009	The dashed lines are extrapolations of the simulation results, showing the expected SFDR for lower input frequencies.
5010	The next section discusses the proposed timing error correction loop.
5011	The application of a control loop relaxes the requirements of the timing error measurement circuit.
5012	The switched capacitor circuit has an integrate and dump functionality.
5013	C 2 and C 3 are connected to the input during phases φ 2 and φ 4 .
5014	These simulations confirm the calculated dependencies on the different non-idealities discussed in section III.
5015	For the exemplary DAC, extrapolation of Fig.
5016	A method for measuring the 'equivalent timing error' is presented.
5017	Fluorescence intensity was measured using a BMG Fluostar Optima fluorescence microplate reader set at excitation wavelengths of 492 nm and 520 nm, and emission wavelengths of 544 nm and 590 nm for the monomeric and aggregate forms of JC-1, respectively.
5018	Depending on the normality of the data, either Mann-Whitney or Student's t-tests were performed to test for significant differences between the means of the various groups.
5019	GraphPad Prism 5.0 was used for all statistical manipulations.
5020	From an initial dose-finding pilot study rotenone was observed to be the most cytotoxic of all the test compounds with a calculated LC 50 value of 112 ± 1.05 nM.
5021	Results from the present study and those reported in literature clearly demonstrate that the toxicity of rotenone is dependent on the concentration of rotenone and the duration of exposure.
5022	Equation 2 shows that for true Landau Zener behaviour, the quantity n/Ḃ 1/e should be constant, independent of density.
5023	The authors predict α to be roughly 1/8 of the value that we extract from our thermal cloud data.
5024	The concept of executive functions has a rich history and remains current despite increased use of other terms, including working memory and cognitive control.
5025	In contrast, lesions to the premotor regions yield hierarchically "higher-order" functional deficits, impacting the combined activation of units in the primary motor regions, and preferentially affecting the spatially and temporally organized sequencing of motor movements; however, the capacity to execute elementary movements of individual motor units may be spared.
5026	In the same way that genome-wide association studies may provide an "agnostic" and unbiased approach to the study of genetic association, future studies of brain activation may benefit from adopting a "cognome-wide" strategy that samples brain function broadly, and with fewer preconceptions.
5027	Research that will enhance understanding of functional links between frontal systems and deeper limbic, subcortical and axial systems may be among the most promising directions, and may help to fulfill the legacies seeded more than 50 years ago by the pioneers of frontal lobe territories.
5028	However, the problem of obtaining two chaotic systems oscillating in a synchronized way is a nontrivial question.
5029	Besides synchronization per se, we also study the utility of using the EKF for reconstruction of a binary message.
5030	In Badola et al.
5031	A case-control study was conducted to examine the association between the functional SNP rs28386840 located in promoter region of SCL6A2 and ADHD.
5032	There were 151 participants in the ADHD group and 151 participants in the control group with 26 female and 125 male in each group.
5033	In the case of multi-temperature plasma the filter ratio method derives the line-of-sight average isothermal temperature and emission measure.
5034	Extended discission of the DEM versus isothermal approximation can by found e.g.
5035	These filters are mounted on two filter wheels which allow many combinations of filters and thus can be used for a temperature diagnostic.
5036	XRT has 2048x2048 backilluminated CCD array with 13.5 µm pixel size.
5037	We could mention some of the most important, for example: replacement of the near-saturated pixels for value greater than 2500 DN with 2500 DN, remove radiation-belt/cosmic-ray and streaks, calibration for read-out signals, removing of the CCD bias, calibration of the dark current, normalization of each images for exposure time.
5038	Observations were made on 13 May 2007 at around 18:00 UT.
5039	In our calculations we started from constant value DEM approximation.
5040	Large χ 2 value can be also attributed to uncertainness in atomic data which contribute to response functions and to systematic error in background rejection.
5041	However, filter-ratio method is not appropriate for multi-temperature structures, giving an average value of T and EM only.
5042	We can state that the majority of the pairs of the Hinode filters allows one to derive the temperature and emission measure in the isothermal plasma approximation using standard diagnostic based on two filters ratio method.
5043	Both genes were co-expressed in the endodermal epithelial lining of the gastrocoel adjacent to the GRP.
5044	The initial study on GJC in the frog reported that the time frame for interference with LR development closed at stage 12, i.e.
5045	Taken together, these experiments show that GJC acts during flow stages, suggesting a role on flow itself or on steps downstream.
5046	Our previous studies on serotonin function and the role of ATP4 in LR development have revealed that aberrant LR marker gene expression can result from defects in the specification of the SM, from reduced cilia Note that right-sided injections did not alter Pitx2c expression.
5047	Injections were targeted to the C2 lineage, i.e.
5048	Numbers represent number of embryos analyzed.
5049	Statistical significances were calculated using Pearson's chi square test.
5050	In .
5051	Future studies in different model organisms have to show whether this rather bold proposal holds up to experimental verification.
5052	Drop size was calibrated to about 7-8 nl / injection.
5053	In this paper we present a scheme for annotating anaphoric relations in the Hindi Dependency TreeBank.
5054	While a significant number of corpora with anaphora annotation for English and other languages like Spanish, Czech etc.
5055	Without consistent specification, higher disagreement can arise among the annotators about what could constitute a markable.
5056	In case of reflexive, if a referent-anaphora pair occurs in a construction that inherently binds the anaphora to a particular occurrence of an entity, then it is suitable to select that occurrence as the referent.
5057	However, from a computational point of view, it is more efficient to select the nearest preceding occurrence of the entity as the referent of the anaphora because it reduces number of possible candidates for the referent of an anaphora in the previous discourse.
5058	Hindi Dependency TreeBank comprises of feature structures that are associated with lexical and chunk nodes.
5059	These chunks can later be grouped together using multiple value property.
5060	This could lead to a higher agreement for head-identification.
5061	The addressing in current annotation is via the global address of the chunk in the document.
5062	Our scheme attempts to resolve this problem via marking the head with multiple modifiers.
5063	That is, if an entity is referred by more than one pronouns or has repeated mentions in a discourse, then for each pronoun, we annotate the last mention of the corresponding referent-entity as the antecedent.
5064	We consider agreement over those pronouns in Experiment 2, for which all the annotators have a perfect agreement in concrete category.
5065	Also, anaphoric instances of gaps, ellipsis and demonstratives are to be included in the next phase of annotation.
5066	The time-resolved PL of each RGB QD layer was also measured for the comparison.
5067	To the best of our knowledge, the brightness is higher than the previously reported values of the wearable LEDs at the same driving voltage 6, 10, 14, 15 .
5068	High-efficiency truewhite QLED arrays as well as electronic tattoo applications demonstrate versatile utilities of the current work.
5069	Final encapsulations are added for the protection.
5070	Current flows through the vertically overlapped area between ITO and Li/Al.
5071	If we are interested in spatial variations in some continuum variable, this transition point represents the target scale at which we wish to measure the fluctuations.
5072	In the macroscopic domain, we solve the diffusion equation on a FE mesh.
5073	These discrete velocities point along the inter-node links in the lattice.
5074	For now, let us temporarily postpone the discussion of the imposed sub-cell boundary conditions.
5075	The hydraulic gradient is then imposed using a body force scheme by exploiting the fact that force is equal to change in momentum.
5076	By choosing a highly refined FE mesh, on the other hand, we could get into the range of the pore scale where continuum approximations clearly are inappropriate.
5077	In analogy to Fig.
5078	In the figure, the volume is represented by its side length s, normalized by the full domain dimension L. For small element dimensions, we see dramatic fluctuations in the averaged property, indicative of the dominance of microscale behavior.
5079	Nevertheless, it is not necessary to find an REV sufficiently large that all oscillations have disappeared.
5080	This example mimics a dilation band forming a high-porosity conduit.
5081	Our simulation approach is identical to the first example, using an 18 · 18 LB-FE discretization.
5082	We have also taken the opportunity to compare results when we have symmetrized the subcell tensors, and when we have adopted an isotropic assumption.
5083	There is one further observation to be made concerning REVs for anisotropic media.
5084	Constant pressure conditions were specified on an inlet and outlet face, and normal flow was prevented along the other four boundaries.
5085	The proposed LB-FE technique has dual advantages in that it not only quantifies the spatial variation of effective permeability, it also reduces the computing time and memory requirements.
5086	Hybrid techniques are by no means unique, but to the knowledge of the authors this is the first time that the combined LB-FE methods have been used for pore scale hydrodynamics on very highresolution images.
5087	In our 3D simulations, we have used a D3Q19 lattice consisting of 18 neighbor links and one rest state.
5088	We therefore seek to determine these five unknowns such that they satisfy the specified density and velocity conditions.
5089	The only microphone array that closely resembles the AVS in terms of how the signals are captured is the SoundField Microphone which has four cardioid pressure sensors arranged in a tetrahedron configuration.
5090	The output of the AVS consists of two components: an acoustic particle velocity and acoustic pressure component.
5091	This algorithm uses only the velocity components of the AVS that is the X, Y and Z components and first estimates the covariance matrix of the velocity components.
5092	For testing, the experimental setup of Fig.
5093	The time taken for an average person to walk an arc of 10 0 at a distance of 1m from the microphone is 0.13sec, which is 6.5 frames at a 48 kHz sampling rate and frame sizes of 960 samples.
5094	But because the speech has unvoiced sections and stops, a single frame is insufficient to produce an accurate DOA estimation as the frame may be unvoiced or a silence.
5095	The level of glycerol-one of the relevant endogenous humectants and a component of a natural moisturising factor-is also decreased.
5096	Table 2 shows the results of a questionnaire on the prevalence, severity and site of skin dryness in the study subjects.
5097	Detailed data are provided in Table 2 .
5098	In conclusion, dry skin seems to be a relevant problem in children with CKD.
5099	Through the graphical supports by the interface, developers can set a system configuration, integrate their modules with other developers' modules to construct an integrated QA system, and test constructed QA system by asking the pre-defined natural language questions in an easy and intuitive way.
5100	Neuronal migration is one of the key developmental steps in brain development.
5101	There is high homology among isoforms, suggesting functional redundancy.
5102	Interestingly, these neuronal migration defects were not able to be normalized by the knockdown of δ-catenin proteins.
5103	Many studies on the effects of various squat postures on the treatment of PFPS have been conducted.
5104	However, no consensus has been reached among such reports concerning the muscle activities of the VMO and VL, depending on surface condition and the knee joint flexion angle.
5105	In the present study, the sequences of PvMSP-1 in P. vivax isolates collected from 2011 to 2013 in the ROK were analysed.
5106	The short and long latent periods of vivax malaria were defined by a hospital visit date in July-August and January-May, respectively.
5107	Thus the two functions of RIC-targeting and import-function independently, suggesting the possibility of using RIC as a carrier for mitochondrial delivery of exogenous signal-tagged import substrates.
5108	Human Molecular Genetics, 2008, Vol.
5109	However, most studies using nonhuman primates generally paid less or even no attention to the postprandial lipemia and associated changes in the animals.
5110	In humans, obesity has become an increasingly important issue, and even obesity is considered as a disease according to American Medical Association.
5111	They were obtained from the primate research center of Wincon TheraCells Co.
5112	The monkeys' compliance to the test and diet choice may be the main concerns for OFTT in nonhuman primates.
5113	So we chose three kinds of foods in this study, NND made by commonly used monkey chow as control, HHD based on commonly used high fat and high glucose diet for nonhuman primates, and EHD by combination of monkey chow and a higher content of fat.
5114	All monkeys could take in 60 g each kind of diet within 15 minutes.
5115	Lipid changes following diet challenges in nonhuman primates were similar to those of humans.
5116	But, it was highly possible that rhesus monkeys were accustomed to a low-fat monkey chow, and when diet was suddenly changed to EHD, rhesus monkeys could not make a timely adjustment.
5117	So it may not be a preferable choice of selecting EHD for OFTT in nonhuman primate.
5118	TC and GLU levels following consuming three diets were increased or decreased when compared with the fasting levels, so that means of TC-AUC and GLU-AUC were lower than standard deviations.
5119	Finalizing the study of turn segment , it is necessary to note that the second positive root of Eq.
5120	In addition to the established lemma, it is necessary to note that, as , the first positive root of Eq.
5121	For example, the energy detector could be a standard receiver bandwidth limited to the bit rate which is unable to resolve the fine structure of the noise-like waveforms but integrates the energy in a bit period.
5122	There is no eye diagram at all since both bits '1' and '0' are occupied by encoded waveforms, which demonstrates the ability to enhance security through the code-switching scheme.
5123	We note, however, that our work does not preclude the possibility of vulnerability to eavesdropping strategies that exploit other structures in the coding and signalling scheme.
5124	In the third main section, I move to the module level and indicate how LOA can be implemented in practice.
5125	Practical impediments to formative assessment were also raised.
5126	To avoid the confusions and doubts about formative assessment processes outlined above, I coined the term LOA.
5127	Thirdly, for assessment to promote learning, students need to receive appropriate feedback which they can use to 'feedforward' into future work.
5128	The three strands are intended to be seen as a unified whole, rather than composed of discrete elements.
5129	Students may be initially reluctant to accept innovative assessment methods unless their rationale and potential advantages to them are clear.
5130	LOAP was a staff development initiative, rather than one with a specific remit for university-wide change, but we naturally sought impact at the institutional level.
5131	In essence, assessment seems to have a negative image amongst many academics.
5132	My purpose in encouraging self-assessment of this kind is to push students to engage actively with the required standards and to selfmonitor their own work.
5133	A modest further attempt to promote evaluative expertise involved the use of student exemplars.
5134	I received concrete feedback in the consultation and useful comments in my first assignment, so that I know what aspects I should improve in the second assignment.
5135	This design exhibits only a ±15°continuous scanning range.
5136	A prototype of the proposed beamsteerable antenna is designed, fabricated and experimentally characterised.
5137	The beam is then steered depending on the direction of the movement of the cylinder and ball trains.
5138	The overall thickness of the substrate was 3.35 mm and was built with Accura 60, a type of photopolymer resin.
5139	The patches were fabricated with copper tape on the top surface of the substrate.
5140	I also consider the role of peers and siblings in the children's formative years.
5141	These books may be considered as idealized images of family and school life.
5142	Collective facilities for childcare were disliked and the institutionalization of welfare arrangements and social security made such forms of childcare superfluous.
5143	Ignorance was seen as the root of all evil, while cognitive development was also thought to improve general standards of behavior.
5144	Furthermore, schools were used as vehicles in the formation of a nation state.
5145	As is the case in all meritocratic Western welfare states, schools have acquired the power to select and grant qualifications to their students; the notion of 'merit' has become defined in the limited terms of diplomas and educational certificates.
5146	And besides, going to school meant spending your time among peers, which had consequences for the relationship between generations.
5147	The families of Ot and Sien were not rich, but they could afford to live comfortably and were satisfied with their lifestyle.
5148	The voices of the two progressive-minded authors resonate throughout the books, both in their picture of home and school.
5149	Here, however, the reformers failed.
5150	The schools for poorer children suffered in particular from the economic shortages: classes were overcrowded, teaching material was inferior and teachers were overburdened.
5151	The book allows insight into the relationships between teachers and pupils and their parents, and between colleagues and the government.
5152	Not only did teachers know a lot about the children themselves, they were also familiar with their family and home circumstances.
5153	For instance, when new reading books had to be chosen by the staff, Mr.
5154	In his report the inspector notes several irregularities that he observed in the school.
5155	They moved away from the external disciplining of children to their self-disciplining, toward individual development and personal expression, self-control and responsibility.
5156	They sent regular school reports about the achievements of pupils, and weekly so-called 'behavior-letters'.
5157	In order to avoid fights and abusive language, they invited the parents to school.
5158	Serious cases were even scrubbed by the headmaster's wife who assisted her husband in such domestic duties.
5159	Dacapo, teacher at an elementary school in a workingclass district in Amsterdam in the 1940s and 50s, describes how the mothers of his pupils protested against the hygiene campaigns.
5160	But in the end the school was more anxious about the number of pupils than about morals.
5161	Sometimes children were supported by their parents against their teacher.
5162	The architect-to-be, Hendrik Th.
5163	Gradually the balance of power between parents and teachers changed: and schools came up trumps.
5164	The autobiographical writers fail to mention the kind of information and knowledge that Ot's mother transmits, although many mothers presumably functioned as a source of practical commonsense for daily life.
5165	A mother's qualities were not measured in intellectual terms nor in terms of scholastic achievements.
5166	The bond between mother and children is described in terms of affection more often than is the case with fathers: that is, very much according to stereotype.
5167	Some teachers made the class laugh at a pupil who did not know the right answer.
5168	Some women describe in their autobiographies how naughtily they acted as substitute-mothers, when looking after their younger siblings.
5169	But compared to these specialized regimes, home ranks higher as regards affective qualities, and as regards intimacy and intensity of the relations with the children.
5170	Apart from further research into the views of children on parental and teacher regimes, the next step should be an analysis of the growing importance of peers, and the expansion of the socialization network due to the rise of paid caring regimes, which took place in the final decades of the twentieth century.
5171	In addition, an analysis of postcranial characters combined with molecular data by Horovitz et al.
5172	Latrubesse et al.
5173	Pseudopotamarchus villanuevai sp.
5174	The mesial face of the first loph is not as convex as in Potamarchus murinus.
5175	In the specimen UFAC 1820, which shows considerable wear, the crenulation is present on all lophs.
5176	Hence, although the specimen UFAC 4762 has a definitive premolar, due to the absence of more characteristics, is not possible to confirm if this specimen reached the adulthood.
5177	Only a set of visual features has to be extracted from the observed object and then tracked in the image plane during the maneuvers, allowing for a relative navigation without any estimation of both relative position and attitude of the target.
5178	Such controller generates the forces and moments to be applied to the spacecraft in order to track a given desired image trajectory in the invariant space.
5179	The chaser is a satellite whose mass, sizes and inertia properties are reported in Table 1 .
5180	The chaser has to perform an approach to the moving target while synchronizing both its relative position and attitude with the debris tumbling motion.
5181	The resulting behavior shows that, due to the initial relative motion between chaser and target, the visual features tend to escape from the camera field of view.
5182	Initially, the chasing spacecraft is subjected to a combined action of the thrusters along directions, so that the chaser can acquire a synchronized revolution motion with respect to the target debris.
5183	The Figure 6 .
5184	At the end of the maneuver the relative angular velocity is reduced to values close to zero, indicating that the synchronization has been reached.
5185	Thrust forces during maneuver 2. spacecraft.
5186	Moreover, it has also been shown that the utilization of the zooming camera allows for rendezvous maneuvers toward very far objects.
5187	Further investigations should address the problem of image-based optimal control concerning reaction wheels saturation as well as propellant consumption.
5188	Finally, we discuss the relationship between this new integral and the set-valued Bartle integral.
5189	Finally, it is shown that, under some natural assumptions on the Banach space and on the set-valued measure, our integral is deduced to the setvalued Bartle integral, which shows that our integral is also an extension of the set-valued Bartle integral.
5190	Let : A → X be a vector-valued measure and let : Ω → R be A-measurable.
5191	In what follows, some properties of the set-valued Kluvánek-Lewis integral will be given.
5192	We would like to extend the result to set-valued Kluvánek-Lewis integrals as follows.
5193	It is interesting to note that the ionization in the Polar regions is significantly higher than that one in Athens and the equatorial regions, for the whole time period .
5194	While other factors such as the distance between anchorage and the terminal, wind and wave, etc., its influence on the anchorage location selection will change along with the change of its value, so these factors were called as gradual change influence factors.
5195	Therefore, it should be avoided that an anchorage is set up in the eddy current area.
5196	Therefore, an anchorage location should be as far as possible set up in straight channel.
5197	In table 3, F 6 is equal to the sum of the value of bottom sediment and topography gradient, while F 8 is equal to the sum of the value of mean wind speed and mean height of wave.
5198	Appropriate water area is to be looked for to set up anchorage within the scope of every 10 km upstream and downstream reach of Ezhou port.
5199	TiO 2 is a semiconductor material that is often used as a photocatalyst because it has desirable optical and electronic properties including being very photoreactive, non-toxic, chemically stable in the long run and relatively inexpensive.
5200	If the visible-light driven TiO 2 -photocatalyst can be developed, wide application of TiO 2 can be achieved.
5201	Increasing the amount of silica causes a species coordinated tetrahedral amorphous titania oxide, where the surface area of the silica gel helps TiO 2 particle dispersion in silica and inhibit crystal growth of anatase TiO 2 .
5202	However, hardly any research has been made on the axial thrust.
5203	In this study, we used three types of single-blade centrifugal impellers with respective blade outlet angles 2 of 8 ∘ , 16 ∘ , and 24 ∘ .
5204	The "four-active-gauge" method was used for the -load cell by attaching the connected strain gauges together.
5205	In this study, the impeller surface is divided into three regions, as shown in Figure 9 .
5206	However, due to the effect of the time-averaged , which decreases as the end of the volute winding is approached, the time-averaged value of the radial thrust for the hydraulic part acts largely in the − -axis direction.
5207	Because the larger the blade outlet angle for the impeller, the higher the of the pressure side and time-averaged at either the beginning or end of the volute winding.
5208	These tendencies are more significant in impellers with larger blade outlet angles.
5209	Each of the contestants is forced to be seated in one of the towers, with his relatives standing guard over him.
5210	They remain imprisoned two, three, or four days.
5211	Their skin and their flesh were fused beyond the power of separating them.
5212	Further cosmic redress of 'imbalance' in early Cambodian society, 14 I avoid using the term 'Angkor' when referring to the capital of Cambodia during the classical period.
5213	Slaves, land, betel-nut and other goods given to Bhagavat by his followers, that the wicked, full of insolence, following their avaricious inclinations, attempt to take, will, without the possibility of atonement, be without end in the fires of hell where they will be beaten by minions, their mouths contorted in anger.
5214	As in many societies, compensation, through the payment of fines, 40 appears to have been the most common method of punishment for crimes against other citizens, 41 but few details have been preserved in the inscriptions.
5215	Manumission was possible, although it is not clear whether this was achieved only upon fulfilment of duties required as part of the punishment or as a merit-making exercise on the part of the slave owner.
5216	Two of the men died.
5217	Brāhmaņical architecture and sculpture were converted for Buddhist ceremonies.
5218	Governors had a judicial assistant entitled .
5219	The chief of the judicial court in Kompong Speu was under investigation for 'not observing his duties with complete impartiality'.
5220	A district chief attempted to intimidate an entire village of people regarding recent thefts from their local monastery, telling them that anyone who complained would be imprisoned.
5221	Not content with the efforts of the local judiciary, he brought the matter to the attention of the Résident Supérieure in a letter, concluding 'I prostrate myself at your feet and pray that you will look into the matter'.
5222	Few judges in Cambodia have had any legal training and most have ties to the ruling political parties.
5223	However, with the advancement of Web service technology the complexity of possible tasks and the availability of services any time anywhere, e.g.
5224	Instead, we consider that the applications that use REST web services are more robust and the costs are not a problem for the implementation.
5225	The initial name was abandoned from version 1.2 when it was considered misleading.
5226	There are many advantages of using a service, among which the most important are the following:  the service does not depend on a specific activity, so we can start the services from different parts of an android application, including other services or BroadcastReceivers;  the service does not block the user interface, making it ideal for operations that take place on a longer time period.
5227	The service that was created extends IntentService class in a new thread by calling the sent web service parameters: To interpret the result we got onRESTResult method implemented as follows: Because until we get answers from the service on may take some time depending on the internet connection, we posted a message dialog that notifies the user that is running an operation that can last longer.
5228	This number is stored in the web application, so if you notice that a report generation time is large, we can adjust this number without having to release a new version of the application.
5229	When we reached the last item in the list, the application sends a request to the web service to bring us the next set of data.
5230	Once we receive the reply we add new items to the list and update variables.
5231	Modern mobile applications need a robust infrastructure and various services in order to obtain data from heterogeneous contexts.
5232	As we could see in this paper, REST web services are a valid option because they can be invoked in an elegant manner and they are really useful for the client application.
5233	The same factors, with the exception of education level, were associated with screen positive psychological morbidity with both scales at 12 weeks too.
5234	Recognitions and providing effective treatment including psychological support should be an integral part of management of miscarriage.
5235	Means, relative risks and odds ratios with confidence intervals were used for comparisons.
5236	Similar observations have also been noted in previous studies.
5237	The atoms used are radioactive and undergo random decay, emitting gamma ray photons.
5238	These slices may be in one of several planes: transaxial, sagittal, coronal or oblique, and the orientation of the input data determine the orientation of the final 3D surface dataset.
5239	It is often considered that adequate compensation for the effects of physical factors, as non uniform attenuation or distance-dependent spatial resolution, requires data acquired over 2π.
5240	A procedure is used for correcting of the errors in reconstruction introduced by attenuation.
5241	The surface images display the surfaces of this volume.
5242	It is important to use the local contrast information as well as the overall distribution of greylevels for obtaining meaningful regions.
5243	This information is used to calculate the values of 4096 pixels in the transaxial slice.
5244	The back projection is based on the inverse transformation of the geometrical model of the SPECT data acquisition.
5245	When the collected data are back projected, the rows with the largest numbers overlap at the position of the source, but not elsewhere.
5246	High frequency information is greatly magnified by the Ramp filter.
5247	The statistical variations which always exist between one pixel and the next tend to disguise the true count rate being measured.
5248	This statistical noise can vary rapidly from one pixel to another according to Poisson statistics, and so contains high spatial frequencies.
5249	Iterative reconstruction methods are also used to obtain images with good signal-to-noise ratio in nuclear medicine image reconstruction.
5250	Filters used in reconstruction are also very important for the maximum transfer of information in 3D images.
5251	The appearance of defects at parts of the organ that are not functioning is crucial too.
5252	Lungs emboli follow up by imaging, for the perfusion improving or renal pelvis imprint are signs for the diagnosis and must be emerged in surface 3D images.
5253	For example, for an initial set of 32 transaxial slices of 64x64 resolution data, as in the case of a myocardium SPECT acquisition in an 180 0 arc, the portions of the transaxial images within a certain window are magnified by double.
5254	A transaxial slice image is displayed, after the application of a threshold intensity/count value so that all voxels which have count values which are greater than the count threshold are white and those below are black.
5255	Following, gradient shading is used to add shading to the image produced in distance shading procedure.
5256	We select the amount of gradient shading which will be added to a distance surface image by a gradient shading factor 10 to 20 depending on the physiology of the organ; that is abnormality of its parenchyma or its perfusion deterioration.
5257	System collimator, used in all our studies, was this LEHR in order to achieve the most detailed data.
5258	They are injected intravenously with Tc-99m Phytate and images are acquired 10 minutes post injection.
5259	Single photon emission tomography of the thyroid gland enables improved accuracy over planar imaging in the determination of the volume, regarding the thyroid configuration variants and the difficulty of definition of the organ's borders over the surrounding background.
5260	A threshold to every single case is adapted as its value is dependent upon size of the imaged organ and the contrast.
5261	Two sites in the NSA and four sites in the SSA were selected for snow cover mass-and energy-balance simulations.
5262	The thresholding at low wind speeds was incorporated to ensure stability of the turbulent transfer routine in SNOBAL.
5263	A brief overview of the model structure is presented to provide a basic description of the snow cover simulation approach.
5264	The model approximates the snow cover as being composed of two layers, a basal layer, and a fixed-thickness surface layer.
5265	Validation data suggest that this underestimation may not significantly affect the simulated snow cover dynamics at the five forested sites.
5266	These results also demonstrate the effectiveness of the algorithms within a wide variety of canopy types, ranging from the highly transmissive OA canopy to the optically dense OBS canopy, by accurately representing snowpack development and both the timing and the rate of seasonal melt.
5267	Canopy adjustment algorithms for rigorous spatially distributed snow cover simulations would therefore benefit from the inclusion of explicit parameterizations for tree species type, height, dimension, and stem density relationships while operating within a framework of commonly available spatial data products.
5268	Fueled by higher demands for energy, mobility and communications, the economy has increased at an impressive speed for decades.
5269	The DOAS system during PRD field campaign has been used in a past field campaign.
5270	The light was transmitted to the spectrograph and then to the detector via a 7 × 0.1 mm diameter fiber bundle, which was regulated by a mode mixer to reduce the interference fringe produced by the total reflections inside the fiber of the light leaving the fiber.
5271	Since NO 3 is in equilibrium with N 2 O 5 , the sink process for N 2 O 5 will affect the NO 3 concentration and its lifetime.
5272	The nitrate radical was measured from July 4 to 11, 2006 at Back Garden during an intensive field campaign in PRD region.
5273	These include the influence of NO concentrations on the NO 3 and N 2 O 5 levels, the equilibrium between NO 2 , NO 3 and N 2 O 5 .
5274	The time series of the NO 2 concentration were showed in Fig.
5275	Figure 6 shows the rose plots of NO 3 , NO, NO 2 and O 3 concentrations with wind direction.
5276	Therefore, these results further indicated that NO and NO 2 came from the PRD.
5277	Figure 11 showed NO 3 concentration as a function of its production rate separated in the intervals of P NO 3 h of length 5 × 10 6 cm -3 s -1 .
5278	Thus, e.g.
5279	Why does Tartaglia think that introspection's failure to reveal the physicality of experiences is problematic for these contemporary physicalists?
5280	Of course we can explain many familiar examples of this in terms of thinkers' sensitivities to distinct properties of referents -distinct concepts of Venus exploiting its celestial position in the evening versus its celestial position in the morning, for example -and to be sure, that particular kind of explanation is not available here.
5281	Over time he forgets about the properties, and so even if his concepts of Paderewski were once connected, they come to be conceptually independent.
5282	As I argued in the previous section, their contents confer evidence neither for nor against the physicalist identifications at issue.
5283	One might take this as suggestive of the idea that PCs confer evidence against physicalism, and so as indicative of a discrepancy between the views of those PC theorists and the line I have taken here.
5284	A physicalist of the kind we are considering here would insist that the alleged fact that a scientist's concept of cfibre stimulation does not represent that property as involving introspective appearance does not imply that the property does not involve introspective appearance.
5285	There is an increasing amount of information coming from those smaller individual sub-systems.
5286	If the distance between a node and the base station exceeds this distance, then an intermediate node will act as a relay node.
5287	So far, WSN has been used in two research projects of Wageningen UR Greenhouse Horticulture.
5288	Again, this translates to the constraints only on the parameters in sneutrino sector if the higgsino mass is less than the other neutralino masses.
5289	In the inverse seesaw extension, beside the RH fields an extra family of sterile neutrino fields are also introduced, which is able to further suppress the left-handed sneutrino component ofν 1 to get a smaller DM-nucleon scattering rate.
5290	In section 4, we study the constraints of the LHC experiment on our choice of the NMSSM parameters.
5291	In this section we first introduce the basics of the ISS-NMSSM, including its Lagrangian and neutrino physics, then we concentrate on sneutrino DM case.
5292	Second, we have neglected flavor indices in writing down the expressions for the sake of simplicity.
5293	Third, among the parameters in the superpotential only µ ν and µ X are dimensional.
5294	Similarly, the coefficients B µν and B µ X tend to be small.
5295	Finally, we emphasize that the last two terms in the W can induce three/four scalar interactions involving sneutrinos and Higgs bosons, and their corresponding soft breaking terms induce only three scalar interactions.
5296	We also emphasize that the Yukawa coupling Y ν can introduce extra interactions for the superfieldŝ l andĤ u , and consequently the signature of left-handed sleptons and higgsinos at the LHC may be altered greatly.
5297	In the following, we only consider one generation of sneutrinos in studying the property ofν 1 .
5298	In this case, since the freeze-out occurs at a temperature T f mν 1 /25, and also since the velocity ofν 1 is Boltzmann distributed with the temperature, the annihilation may proceed in early Universe, but can not occur at present time.
5299	So σv 0 is suppressed greatly.
5300	To simplify the analysis, we assume that the left-handed sneutrino component inν 1 is suppressed greatly, e.g.
5301	We remind that a small Y ν is not only favored by the recent XENON-1T constraints on σ SĨ ν 1 −p , but also consistent with the limitation on the non-unitarity of the U matrix in neutrino sector.
5302	For the typical case of a d2 a d1 , Eq.
5303	For the signal which corresponds to several experimental analyses, we select the largest R among the analyses, denoted by R max hereafter, to parameterize the capability of the LHC in exploring the parameter point.
5304	As a result, the signature of the slepton is distinct from that in the NMSSM.
5305	For this end, we assume certain symmetries, and extend the field content of the NMSSM in an economical way to incorporate the inverse seesaw mechanism into the framework for neutrino mass.
5306	By contrast, there is no such freedom in the type-I seesaw extension, and one has to rely on the neutrino Yukawa couplings to account for all the experimental data.
5307	Fig .
5308	S2 in the SI shows the Raman spectrum of CVD graphene transferred onto gold.
5309	To reduce the negative impact of these factors, there are various techniques used both in medicine and in everyday life.
5310	Visual content is an example of one of the instruments of influence.
5311	The scores corresponding to the productivity factor are marked on the scale Y. Fig.
5312	Since the asymptotic significance for the work group is less than 0.05, the Z statistics show that the presence of visual content effectively affects the stability of the productive passage of the Bourdon test and the improvement of the final totals.
5313	The research was aimed at assessing the impact of dynamic audiovisual content on a person's psychoemotional state, subject to regular visits to sessions based on the performances of the laser theater Lux Aeterna.
5314	A speculative mechanism was proposed: the insertion of a sulfur atom into a carbon±boron bond, followed by the hydrolysis of an arylthioborane to a thiol intermediate; the latter being oxidized in situ to a disul®de.
5315	Our investigations started with some crystalline organoborate salts, listed in Fig.
5316	Compound 1 is commercial, but we postulated that salt 2 could be generated in situ.
5317	Radical pathways with boron are known, especially in the presence of radical initiators such as oxygen.
5318	Our collecting efforts and those of others in the Philippines over the last few years have hardly served to scratch the surface of the vast wealth of tropical marine habitats known to Philippine marine biologists.
5319	REMARKS.-These seven specimens show almost as much variation as the wealth of figures published for this species.
5320	Ocular tubercle tall, slender, swollen at tip with large darkly pigmented eyes.
5321	Strigilis segments increasingly shorter distally, sixth with four lateral setae, seventh with three longer ectal setae, the longest twice segment diameter, eighth with two ectal setae and two endal denticulate spines, ninth with one ectal seta and one endal denticulate spine, tenth a bud with two distal denticulate spines.
5322	Sole with seven or eight short spines, heel with four stout spines, proximal one smaller than others.
5323	Anjel C. Alcala, Silliman University, Dumaguete City, without whose more than generous help most of the specimens in this report could not have been collected.
5324	The new species is probably most closely related to its near neighbor, A. tippula, from which it differs in lacking the small tubercles at the anterolateral corners of the cephalic segment, in having longer ocular tubercle, chelifore second segments in relation to the first segments, oviger fourth segments in relation to the fifth, and longer major leg segments.
5325	Legs armed with long feathered spines; four on first coxae, two on second, none on third, six dorsodistally on femur, seven dorsally and laterally on first tibiae, two dorsally on second tibiae, and five dorsally on propodi, with long tubular clubbed spines singly or in pairs dorsally on the major leg segments.
5326	Its palps, chelifores, and legs are much more spinose than those of the new species.
5327	The ocular tubercle of the new species is shorter than that of most Ammothella species even though it appears to be taller because of its being carried on the very elevated anterior portion of the cephalic segment.
5328	There are a few more pointed spines on the chelifores and the legs of the Philippine specimen, but the general habitus of both specimens is very much alike.
5329	This Philippine specimen extends its range southeast to the Cuyo Islands in the Sulu Sea and to a depth of two to three meters.
5330	Fifth segment slightly swollen at midpoint, armed with one long lateral spine and several distal setae.
5331	Three coxae of subequal length, the first bearing anterior and posterior long slender tubercles distally, the posterior tubercle being the longer of each pair, each clothed with many short setae, without major spines.
5332	Second and third coxae with several short and long ventrodistal setae.
5333	ETYMOLOGY.-The species is named for its first coxae tubercle setae.
5334	Femoral cement gland tube very short, tapering, placed dorsodistally.
5335	Claw short, broad, less than half propodal length, auxiliaries slender, about 0.6 main claw length.
5336	The spines of T. philippinensis are trifid at their tips.
5337	Trunk and appendages extremely attenuated and slender.
5338	Chelifores very slender, armed with few short setae.
5339	Auxiliaries entirely lacking.
5340	Neck very short, ocular tubercle occupying its entire dorsum, short, rounded, wider at base than its length, eyes large, lightly pigmented.
5341	All segments except first armed with one to four tiny recurved setae, without major spines.
5342	This spur is not as prominent in the type specimen.
5343	This species is easily differentiated from the many other known species of Anoplodactylus in the Pacific by its crowded lateral processes, each bearing a low distal tubercle, the small bulbous cement gland extruding into a slender tube, the very short second tibiae, and the deep heel bearing a single stout spine.
5344	The species was described from a Guam specimen taken in 11 meters and these Philippine specimens extend its range across the Philippine Sea to similar tropical localities in shallower water.
5345	Neck very short, not as long as ocular tubercle width.
5346	Ocular tubercle broad, only slightly taller than wide, apex a rounded cone, eyes large, darkly pigmented.
5347	Both fingers armed with three sharply pointed teeth.
5348	Femur the longest segment with second tibia slightly longer than first.
5349	Tarsus semitriangular, short, without ventral spine.
5350	Second coxae of posterior four legs with long ventrodistal spur with apical sex pore, almost as long as segment diameter, with few ventral and distal setae.
5351	The chelae fingers are without teeth and setae in both specimens and the type.
5352	It is apparently one of the few interstitial sand-living pycnogonids known, other than those members of the genus Rhynchothorax.
5353	Arnaud has listed other specimens from sandy reef areas of Madagascar in up to 13 meters.
5354	Its range is extended to the Philippines with this record.
5355	This pantropical shallow-water species has been taken in several isolated places in the Indo-Pacific including Hawaii, Australia, the Philippines, the Indian Ocean, and Gulf of Oman.
5356	Abdomen typical of genus, short, directed horizontally, glabrous.
5357	Oviger segments three through six armed with several lateral and ectal recurved setae.
5358	Femur the longest segment, tibiae increasingly shorter.
5359	DISTRIBUTION.-Known from the type-locality, Siquijor Island, in less than 1 meter, and also from Silliman Marine Lab Beach, Negros Island, in 1 to 2 meters.
5360	The two Visayan specimens do not agree as well with P. temperans and P. species as they do with P. dentifera.
5361	It was taken east of Mindoro Island in 143 meters.
5362	Proboscis small, cylindrical, with rounded lips.
5363	Strigilis segments armed with denticulate spines having two lateral lobes on the proximal spines of each segment and three lobes on the distal spines, arranged in the formula 6:7:6:5.
5364	Tarsus very short, armed with one ventral spine and few dorsal and ventral setae.
5365	Examination of an adult female in the National Museum of Natural History collections showed enough similarities to warrant calling this specimen P. occa until a series of juveniles and adults of P. occa is collected for comparison.
5366	Proboscis downcurved, with two dorsolateral bumps at midlength, two ventrolateral bumps more proximally, a dorsodistal constriction, and a ventral labial fringe on oral antimeres similar to propodal lamina.
5367	Second segment slightly over half length of first, with very small dorsodistal tubercle with distal seta and three or four ventral setae.
5368	This character has not been described for any other member of the genus, to my knowledge, and is apparently unique.
5369	Requests for special treatment-use of color, foldouts, case-bound covers, etc.-require, on the same form, the added approval of the sponsoring authority.
5370	If cross referencing is required between key and text, do not include page references within the key, but number the keyed-out taxa, using the same numbers with their corresponding heads in the text.
5371	Use the decimal system for precise measurements and relationships, common fractions for approximations.
5372	For months in tabular listings or data sections, use three-letter abbreviations with no periods: "Jan, Mar, Jun," etc.
5373	After dissolution in water/methanol the crude extract was partitioned into the successive solvents of increasing polarity: petroleum ether, chloroform, ethyl acetate, and saturated n-butanol.
5374	TLC with the silica gel 60 F 254 0.25-mm coated aluminum plates was employed for identification of the solvent mixture to be used as the mobile phase, before each step of the silica gel and Sephadex column preparations of the isolation and purification procedures.
5375	As soon as the extract dissolved in the mixture of methanol and water, it was sequentially partitioned in the solvents of petroleum ether, chloroform, ethyl acetate, and saturated n-butanol, respectively.
5376	The total flavonoid content was determined with a UV-Vis spectrophotometer through the construction of a calibration curve using various concentrations of the standard catechin at a maximum wavelength of 510 nm.
5377	Total flavonoid contents of the crude extract and fractions are listed in Table 2 .
5378	Among the total extract and the fractions of roots of R. heckeliana, the ethyl acetate fraction obviously had the highest flavonoid content and the other results for antioxidant capacity, as shown in the Table 2 .
5379	The total content of flavonoids was also determined using different standard compounds such as quercetin, rutin, and catechin for various Rosa species in the literature.
5380	They exhibited UV-Vis absorption maxima at 254 nm and 364 nm for ellagic acid, 280 nm for catechin, and 240 nm and 324 nm for caffeic acid.
5381	The phenolic compounds isolated from the ethyl acetate fraction of R. heckeliana, including catechin, caffeic, and ellagic acid, as well as the standard compound catechin, were also examined against the MCF-7 cells as given in Table 3 .
5382	Sartippour et al.
5383	Meanwhile, the effect of the ethyl acetate fraction was much more profound when compared to crude extract, even at the lower end of the concentration range selected.
5384	It also has many therapeutic properties such as hypocholestrolemic, immunological, antiviral and antiglutagenic effects.
5385	Experiments were conducted with different formulations of little millet flour and spirulina powder was presented in the Table 1 .
5386	The physico-chemical properties, sensory characteristics and storage quality of the developed products were evaluated and discussed.
5387	The moisture content was found to be increased from 8.45 to 8.49 g for T 4 in P 2 during the storage period of 30d.
5388	We find that, under demand disruption, as the supply disruption duration increases, the order rate peak, the production completion rate peak, and inventory peak increase if the supply disruption start time is sufficiently small and otherwise first remain unchanged and then increase.
5389	Early studies have focused on the classification of difference types of risk and distinguished between them.
5390	On the other hand, ORATE and ORATE will decrease when AINV increases; hence, either of them increases and decreases in sequence.
5391	Therefore, the AINV peak amounts constantly to the minimal value of AINV before the disruption for relatively small and increases with if it is sufficiently large.
5392	Matlab program which corresponds to Figure 11 is composed of several steps.
5393	In addition, the system optimization under multiple possible values of the supply disruption start time and duration is also studied.
5394	These proteins have not been curated in the UniProtKB.
5395	Though our focus is on plant secretomes, the information on proteins located in other subcellular locations is also provided.
5396	Thus, it was not used for secretome prediction but only for prediction of some other subcellular locations.
5397	Complete secretomes: A secretome is all secreted proteins from a species.
5398	It also includes manually collected secreted proteins from recent literature by our curators.
5399	GPI-anchored proteins: Signal peptide containing proteins that were predicted to have a GPI anchor by FragAnchor were further classified as GPI-anchored proteins.
5400	Thus the prediction of secreted proteins is relatively reliable.
5401	A submission tool was developed for the community to provide subcellular location annotation of a protein and a literature source to support its annotation.
5402	The overview of the database features is shown in Figure 1 .
5403	The main categories of subcellular proteomes for species having more than 7 000 entries are summarized in Table 1 An overall trend observed is that plants with relatively small proteome sizes have a relatively small number and a relatively lower proportion of secreted proteins, such as in single-celled green algae.
5404	Whether these observed differences in subcellular proteome distributions between monocots and dicots are caused by computational tools or are real with biological or evolutionary significances needs further investigation.
5405	Thus non-or less redundant secreteomes were used for comparisons.
5406	Based on several recent large-scale secretome studies in plants, non-classical, i.e.
5407	The EST sub-database is expected to facilitate EST data mining for secreted proteins from expressed data, which is particularly useful for plant species not completely sequenced or having only a limited number of cDNA sequences.
5408	The collection and curation of secreted plant proteins, particularly LSPs, from literature with experimental evidence requires continuous efforts from the plant research community.
5409	Apart from their simplicity and cost-effectiveness, spark gaps are the hest means of switching high levels of stored energy with low loss and low inductance.
5410	The intense sparking within the spark gap produces heat, thereby raising the temperature of the electrodes and the gas.
5411	By sliding the electrode through the O-ring seal, the electrode gap can he adjusted between 0 and IO mm.
5412	The unit described above has been in successful operation for several months.
5413	The thermodynamic and structural properties of the RS are assumed to be known.
5414	Analysis of model simulations indicated that neither anthropogenic influences nor other slowly varying ocean boundary conditions substantially contributed to the magnitude of the event; rather, a primarily natural effect seems to have triggered the Russian heat wave.
5415	The nature of the Russian heat wave and its origins were associated to the upper-level atmospheric circulation.
5416	Thus, April simulations provide almost negligible predictability improvement comparing against the relevant January simulations.
5417	A temperature anomaly at 850 hPa is an indication of the model predictability compared to the NCEP/NCAR longterm monthly means.
5418	Even though this indicates a possible predictability from some individual members almost 4 months in advance, generally this was not the case for most of the ensemble members.
5419	Seasonal simulations of the event were based on a modified version of the LAF method constructing 61 independent ensemble members initialized on January and April 2010.
5420	As far as the predictability is concerned, only a few individual members in April reproduced the main features of the blocking system almost 3 months before the event.
5421	The authors would like to thank the anonymous reviewers for their valuable comments and suggestions to improve the quality of the paper.
5422	An illustration of the homogeneous and the bounded homogeneous problem is given in fig.
5423	G. B. DANTZIG, opus cit., section 6-4, Theorem 2.
5424	Theorem.
5425	As the simplex multiplier of the équation corresponding to the objective function is 1 and the corresponding original right hand constant is 0, the above equality follows.
5426	It is advantageous to note that every inequality of the primai or duai master may be formulated as an équation by subtracting or adding a nonnegative slack variable.
5427	Asteriks may replace apostrophes to indicate an estimate absolutely greater than or equal to the value concerned.
5428	The combinations of fractions of part problem solutions corresponding to a particular fraction of a solution of joining activities must fulfil the folïowing conditions, if the overall combination should give a feasible solution of the whole primai subproblem.
5429	A systematic study of factors influencing the practical speed of convergence of the method is currently being undertaken.
5430	The Computer Journal, Vol.
5431	For the first time in the history of our planet, human activity is having an impact on the Earth as a whole.
5432	Thus, highland-lowland interactions are an important aspect of all mountain-relevant syndromes wherever surrounding lowlands are heavily affected by changes in the mountains and vice versa.
5433	There is hope that an understanding of syndromes that prevail in many mountain areas worldwide will help bridge the gap between the production of scientific results and their application in local land use systems and societies as well as stimulate communication between scientific communities in the North and South.
5434	Pursuant to this requirement, as elaborated in Article 1 Clause b of Protocol No.
5435	That being said, it is clear that the requirement of a proper defendant is focused on the goal to ensure the enforcement of ECtHR decisions.
5436	In this case the ECtHR assessed the compatibility of the EU primary legislation banning EU citizens living in Gibraltar from participation in the elections of the European Parliament with the provisions of the Convention.
5437	More precisely, the ECtHR is also entitled to decide that only one of them is responsible for the violation.
5438	The ECtHR is entitled to adopt such a decision in accordance with the respondent's and corespondent's arguments presented and after hearing the opinion of the applicant.
5439	The idea of the joint responsibility and its instrument, the co-respondent mechanism, has been in principle acknowledged by the CJEU.
5440	It should be remembered that Article 3 Clause 7 provided that the ECtHR's decision on liability was to be adopted on the basis of the arguments submitted by the respondent and the co-respondent.
5441	Therefore, the ECtHR might never get the chance to confront the question of EU competence division at the initial stage.
5442	In other words, the state or an international organization may not justify its illegal actions with the arguments stemming from its internal laws.
5443	Therefore, making the procedure purely voluntary would most likely remove the Court's precautions and make the procedure of becoming the co-respondent compatible with the specific characteristics of EU law.
5444	And if there is still a suspicion that the case might involve the questions of EU law the voluntary status of becoming the co-respondent would allow the EU's participation to be ensured if it was necessary.
5445	The subjection code method is a method used widely.
5446	At the same time, classifying code and identification code of parallel code is independent of each other.
5447	Identification code ensures the uniqueness of coding object.
5448	Combination code of classifying code and identification code is convenient to computer processing; and it is effective to save storage space and reduce error ration of code; and it has good scalability.
5449	Through attribute pool attribute cell is managed uniformly, which will ensure the uniqueness of all attribute names and facilitate to control and standardize and query for the Relevant Management Syste attributes.
5450	However, in the current theory, only basic principles and basic methods of information classifying and coding can be got and specific process of implementation can not be gained.
5451	The content of the report include analysis for objects' generality, analysis for objects' names and analysis for objects' characteristics.
5452	According to analysis report, combining coding rule, classification standard and regulation, designer establish main structure of product, classification structure of object and object chain, collect and describe characteristic attribute of object, and constructs the coding scheme, the data dictionary, multiple classification trees, classifying and coding system.
5453	According to different needs of users, product structure customized by users can be derived from main structure of product.
5454	The reasonable classification structure not only facilitates users to query information of parts, but also directly affects expanded capacity of parts database.
5455	The classification and coding management system adopts B/S structure, and the development language of system is JSP, and database is Oracle, main interface of system shown as shown in fig.
5456	Hilsa belongs to the subfamily Alosinae, family Clupeidae, order Clupeiformes, and is one of the most important tropical fishes of the Indo-Pacific region.
5457	It is a fast swimming euryhaline known for its cosmopolitan distribution in brackish water estuaries and marine environment.
5458	Naturally hilsa is in great demand globally, specifically in the oriental world and enjoys high consumer preference.
5459	The hilsa fishery was declining tremendously over the last decades for increasing fishing pressure and environmental degradation from the inland open water although the total marine production remains more or less static.
5460	Major spawning grounds of hilsa and related areas viz, Chandpur, Ramgoti, Hatia, Dhalchar, Moulovirchar, Monpura, Kalirchar, Daulatkhan, Barisal, Bhola, Patharghata, Potuakhali, Mohipur, Galachipa, Kalapara were visited for comprehensive study.
5461	Similarly, plenty of fries and juveniles of other fishes were also found in and around the spawning ground areas indicating a positive impact of fishing ban on their successful reproduction.
5462	To sustain as well as to increase hilsa production several management measures have been undertaken by the Ministry of Fisheries and Livestock based on the previous research findings and recommendations.
5463	However, the sports dance and other athletic sports is not exactly the same, the sports dance dancers need to express what they want to express feelings through dance form, it is a pure physical performance, achieve competitive sports in the course of the performance, and in this process also allows the audience was a kind of art aesthetic experience.
5464	The sports dance is not only a kind of body language skills through the dance show dance, it is a kind of sport, is through the process of sports dance performances and sports to show dancers for the art and aesthetic pursuit.
5465	At the same time, it is also the most closely related to sports.
5466	Therefore, the real dancers, but also to the Dance Camp caused such a kind of aesthetic field, enjoy the illusory beauty, so that the viewer feel the real life more strongly than the real beauty of the dance.
5467	In the dance teaching, rehearsal, creation or performance, often listen to a word is: this player is very good sense of dance here, the feeling is the stage, it can be said that the artistic expression of the players.
5468	Sports dance is a combination of health and beauty of a sport, you can show the health of modern people to give people the enjoyment of beauty.
5469	The large number of species, small size and different morphological characters make it difficult to identify the gobioid fishes.
5470	With the development of molecular markers, some fragments of mitochondrial DNA have been successfully used to analyze the phylogenetic relationship among gobioid fishes.
5471	Adaptors and primer combinations sequences used in the present study.
5472	Genomic DNA was isolated from muscle tissue by proteinase K digestion followed by a standard phenol-chloroform extraction.
5473	Procedures of AFLP were essentially based on Vos et al.
5474	Given the small number of individuals and different sampling size for each species, it was reasonable that the results of the genetic diversity varied from each other.
5475	The spectrum of volatiles released by fresh Norway spruce debris is somewhat similar to spectrum of volatile substances released by debilitated trees, which are actually chosen for colonization.
5476	We therefore argue that, the systematic probing of drivers in the external environment will enhance SME product/service adaptiveness.
5477	We are therefore of the view that, developing network ties enhances SME product/service adaptiveness.
5478	Thus, in a very dynamic and intensely volatile business environment, we expect the impact of analysing on SME product/service adaptiveness to diminish.
5479	Table 4 presents the moderated regression models.
5480	These practices enable them to strategically adapt their products and services in response to market dynamics.
5481	This study has a number of limitations that future work might address notwithstanding the important contributions it makes to literature and practice.
5482	Further studies could employ different performance measures instead of focusing on SME product/service adaptiveness, innovation and ambidexterity as used in this study and other prior studies.
5483	We apply methods such as balanced scorecard, appreciation inquiry, roadmapping.
5484	There is total agreement on our organisational vision across all levels, functions and divisions.
5485	If the volume of gas were carried aloft in a dust devil with a vertical speed of 20 m/s it would warm by 2.6°C in the time it would take to reach an altitude of 1 km.
5486	Light levels within the dust devil shadow and nonshadowed regions of such images provide a measure of the sunlight blocked by the dust column.
5487	The principle is illustrated in Figure 3 which is a plot of gas temperature as a function of altitude.
5488	If a warm gas plume rises at 10 m/s the temperature drop due to adiabatic cooling will be 0.045°C per second.
5489	What the analysis does indicate is that solar warming of suspended particles in Martian dust devils will lead to a heat input of a magnitude that is on the order of cooling from adiabatic expansion.
5490	There exists an extensive literature on singularly perturbed Markov chain and its applications.
5491	Section  gives the asymptotic property of BSDE with a singularly perturbed Markov chain.
5492	Finally, we give some concluding remarks in Section .
5493	It is obvious that the transition rate between s  and s  is larger than transition rates between s  and other states.
5494	A maximum depth of 8 m is found in a trough in the middle of the fjord.
5495	One compartment was filled with sandy sediment to a depth of 15 cm and the other with HS-sediment to a similar depth.
5496	In this respect, the mussel tank experiment illustrated that a mussel-related factor may drive this species toward sulfidic sediments in the natural habitat.
5497	The sympatry experiments also show that N. diversicolor is highly tolerant to HS-.
5498	No patient had a history of cardiovascular events, such as coronary artery disease, ischemic stroke, or peripheral artery disease.
5499	WBPT for participants was corrected for the passage time of physiological saline.
5500	Thus, evaluating hemorheology using MC-FAN is assumed to correspond to small vessels, including perforating arteries.
5501	The average age of our patients was 12.3 years, ranging from 5 to 29 years old.
5502	In our series, Floseal® use allowed us to achieve a good haemostasis in a short time.
5503	Floseal ® use is a simple and short procedure, as it is easily applicable onto the bleeding site or surface.
5504	This study determines a Late Carboniferous granitoid in the Wufenglou village, Zhouning County of Fujian Province, which throws light on the characteristics of the late Paleozoic magmatism in the SCB and its relationship with the late Paleozoic Pangea supercontinent.
5505	Another possible reason is that the orogenic belt has been severely eroded.
5506	Wood was so important in most houses in England and southern Scotland that the Old English word timber served to refer to both the building and the material from which it was constructed.
5507	On suitable soils, and with careful excavation, it may be possible not merely to record the holes dug for the posts, but to identify traces of decayed timbers, which are marked by darker coloured soil and known as 'post-ghosts'.
5508	The study of architecture of this period has been therefore a problem of interpreting how the timber buildings might have looked largely from the below-ground remains of the structure.
5509	For instance, timbers in London originally identified as sole plates from the bottom of walls are now considered to be wall plates at the top 12 .
5510	Cogged and lap joints, and tusk-tenons were used to join timbers, while vertical planks for walls were often set into grooves along Fig.
5511	Physical reconstruction is only one means of working out the form of buildings.
5512	It will be argued below that these features are some of the key characteristics of what will be identified as an early medieval tradition of construction.
5513	However, it is arguable that the most important stimulus to understanding buildings has been none of these.
5514	So, instead of adding a separate and independent strand of evidence to the debate, it has tended merely to reinforce the views already held about the extent of migration.
5515	More than twenty SFBs were found at Monkton in Thanet.
5516	A stage in the possible transition from a Romanized method of building to the timber structures of the early Middle Ages may be represented by buildings within the Roman fort of Birdoswald on Hadrian's Wall.
5517	The absence in England of longhouses of continental type occupied by both humans and livestock is of particular note.
5518	Yet, if we are going to follow this line of discussion, we are thrown back to questions of building structure.
5519	This raises the possibility that it might be possible to identify a number of features which character-54 O'Brien and Miket 1991, fig.
5520	This interpretation suggests that the roofs of these early medieval buildings were similar to the common-rafter roofs recorded in the earliest surviving timber buildings.
5521	Moreover, the design of the roof with a beam and rafter couple would have been similar to the earliest known roof structure in Britain from Odda's Chapel at Deerhurst.
5522	Photographs and an outline of the roof preserved in plaster on the end wall shows that it had a king post and raking struts.
5523	It is now clear that the end walls, where they were more substantial, were nothing more or less than separate wall panels.
5524	The first wooden building constructed in c.
5525	Everything points to these buildings belonging to the end of the Roman tradition, rather than to the early medieval patterns of construction in which ground-fast timbers were almost invariably used.
5526	The situation is less certain in southern Scotland.
5527	Roman methods persisted, in at least some places, into the fifth century but vanished shortly after.
5528	Interestingly, instead of manifesting an overt ovarian phenotype, these mice develop striking oviductal and uterine phenotypes, thereby uncovering a novel role of TGFBR1-mediated signaling in female reproductive tract development and function.
5529	We demonstrated that female mice with disruption of Tgfbr1 in the reproductive tract are unable to successfully conceive, although they can ovulate and produce fertilizable oocytes.
5530	Since ovulation and fertilization occurred in the Tgfbr1 cKO and control females, we next assessed whether the formation of oviductal diverticula was detrimental to embryo development and/or transit of embryos to the uterus.
5531	The altered expression of epithelial genes suggests the importance of TGFBR1-mediated signaling in the maintenance of the mesenchymal-epithelial interactions critical for oviductal development.
5532	These data suggest that TGFBR1 in mouse granulosa cells may not be essential for ovulation and oocyte fertilization.
5533	Consistently, alteration of smooth muscle gene expression was not found in 7-day-old oviducts of Tgfbr1 cKO mice.
5534	Disruption of TGFBR1-mediated signaling leads to catastrophic structural and functional consequences.
5535	Assay details can be found at http://www.healthsystem.virginia.edu/internet/ crr/ligand.cfm.
5536	Figure S1 Figure S8 Messenger RNA levels of genes up-regulated in Dicer1 cKO oviducts are not elevated in the oviducts of Tgfbr1 cKO mice.
5537	It was initially thought that this size-selective imaging property of epi-CARS microscopy would preclude its use for imaging tissues, which contain many structures with dimensions larger than a wavelength.
5538	The laser delivers a stable 7-ps, 76-MHz pulse train through semiconductor saturable absorber mirror mode-locking.
5539	In the region of 2,900-2,970 cm Ϫ1 , however, the signal from the sebaceous glands is weak, whereas a strong signal from the adipocytes remains.
5540	Over the past several years, the capability of CARS imaging has vastly improved through a combination of laser engineering and microscope optimization.
5541	The DNA and protein Raman responses are far weaker than that of lipid and require an increase of at least an order of magnitude in sensitivity.
5542	The improvement in prognostic accuracy was attributable to correcting physicians' tendency toward overoptimistic expectations of outcome.
5543	Published online May 13, 2013 May 13, .
5544	All prognostic information for this analysis was gathered by the treating GP at the point-of-care consultation.
5545	They were developed after a systematic review of the literature, 6 a GP survey, 11 and secondary analysis of a large data set.
5546	A multivariable logistic regression model was fitted at each stage to each of the 90 imputed data sets.
5547	Model parameters were estimated by combining across imputed data sets using Rubin's rules.
5548	The sequence of prognostic model fitting was, therefore, repeated in the subset of first-time consulters.
5549	From September 1, 2006, through March 31, 2007, participating GPs completed prognostic assessments on 650 patients.
5550	There are no accepted clinically meaningful decision thresholds for common musculoskeletal pain that could guide targeted management and no information to date about the associated costs and benefits of doing so.
5551	Nevertheless, data from pharmacogenetic studies of lithium are comparatively sparse, and these studies are generally characterized by small sample sizes and varying definitions of response.
5552	Pharmacogenetics is a rapidly growing field that holds considerable promise for the development of medications that are more personalized and effective than those currently available.
5553	In two cohorts encompassing more than 800 lithium-treated patients, multiple regions of interest were identified but none met the threshold for genome-wide significance.
5554	The strongest findings identified and replicated in this study were those encoding diacylglycerol kinase eta, a key protein in the lithium-sensitive phosphatidylinositol pathway and several genes in the Wnt -signaling cascade.
5555	Spurred on by these findings, the IGSLI researchers concluded that studying these genes in samples that included data on patient response to lithium treatment could improve our understanding of how these genes determine response to lithium treatment and impact susceptibility to bipolar disorder.
5556	On the contrary, ConLiGen will continue to invite researchers to join its efforts in order to increase the available sample size of patients adequately characterized for lithium response.
5557	Along with increased flexibility, it has 4 times the breaking strength of the older type cyanoacrylate.
5558	Diagnostic or operative laparoscopy as a minimally invasive procedure is one of the most common operations in gynecologic surgery.
5559	There are several methods for skin closure of trocar wounds.
5560	BMIs ranged from 19 to 25 with an average of 22.
5561	Other studies have found no differences with respect to wound infection, wound dehiscence, and development of hyperplastic scars or keloid between the applications of absorbable versus nonabsorbable sutures in intradermal repair.
5562	Previous studies also showed that surgical incisions closed with OCT had lower dehiscence rates.
5563	Whereas basic-level categorization of other-race faces produces a deficit in a recognition task, it can result in a benefit for other types of tasks.
5564	The number of learning trials was equated, so that African American and Hispanic faces were presented an equal number of times during training and differed only in the level at which they were classified.
5565	Six hundred original photographs of African American and Hispanic faces were obtained from the Department of Corrections', face databases from the states of Florida, Arkansas, Georgia, and Kansas.
5566	Prior to training, the participants performed an old/new face recognition test.
5567	Second, as a marker of subordinate-level differentiation, an enhanced N250 should be produced after subordinate-level training, as opposed to basic-level training.
5568	The participants completed a background questionnaire regarding their experience with members from other racial groups.
5569	Naming task.
5570	Each study trial began with a fixation cross presented for 250 msec, followed by the study face's appearing for 2 sec.
5571	The old/new recognition test was repeated three times with a new set of 24 Hispanic and 24 African American faces.
5572	Electrodes were set in an Easy Cap and referenced to a common ground.
5573	P100 latency was identified as the maximum positive peak amplitude during a window of between 50 and 150 msec poststimulus onset.
5574	P200 component.
5575	Although this pattern was observed only for recognition of the African American faces, other studies have suggested that enhancement of the N250 component is reliably linked to expert perception.
5576	These results suggest that the N250 reflects the formation of perceptual representations that support the fine-grained visual discriminations of the expert.
5577	Differences between individuation and categorization face training were most prominent in the N250 component.
5578	These findings suggest that the level of specificity as coded by the N250 is flexible and determined by categorization training.
5579	Most people are face experts to the extent that they are exposed to hundreds of faces on an everyday basis and, over the years, have accumulated a vast catalog of experience to faces.
5580	The root of the residual variance, that is e , corresponds to the root mean square error of predictions.
5581	His stock of words at four years of age contains many words of three years of age, and so on.
5582	Testing developmental hypotheses takes two steps.
5583	A significance test is performed through testing the correlation between the predicted and observed criterion against zero.
5584	The matrix is used to make individual predictions of the developmental outcome.
5585	To test a specific developmental hypothesis the following steps are taken.
5586	Once the model is found, the developmental outcome is predicted using Equation 9.
5587	By means of Empirical Bayes estimates the model allows for reliable individual predictions.
5588	We consider the following situation.
5589	Attachment behaviors are behaviors that promote proximity or contact with the caregiver.
5590	Predictive developmental hypotheses play a crucial role in developmental theories.
5591	The same holds for the longitudinal model presented here.
5592	Rule induction algorithms might be such a method.
5593	For this problem, we also found sequence/binding strength correlations using measures from information theory.
5594	We used the same training data as in the original study, which consisted of 52 examples.
5595	As we obtained good performance level on this microarray-based study with both amino acid and nucleotide sequences varied, and we had thus shown that rule induction can give good results on previously studied datasets, without having been tuned to incorporate any domain specific information about protein-DNA contacts, we attacked the more difficult problem of paired domain-DNA binding.
5596	Other results were somewhat surprising and included amino acid residues 84, 88, and 109, located in regions of low or no direct DNA contact.
5597	The results therefore provide an unbiased model of protein-DNA interactions.
5598	These rules are expressed in terms of both amino acids and nucleotides, and may help in identifying true physical interactions.
5599	Our study also pointed out two interesting details.
5600	Scores from two replicates, along with the geometric mean of these scores, are reported for the strength of the interaction of each DNA target with two NF-κB variants: p50p50 and p50p65.
5601	EGR binding data.
5602	For several paired domain-DNA binding site combinations, multiple references were found, confirming our initial judgments.
5603	In the default scheme the initial representation was not modified.
5604	Thus, rules generated using this representation can contain logical relations of the form "amino acid 2 is hydrophobic", in addition to rules involving residue identities.
5605	Flowers were fully immersed and vigorously stirred.
5606	After transferring 10 WFT to each Petri dish, dishes were covered with lids with gauze.
5607	Six replicates were carried out for each treatment.
5608	Subsequently, half of the leaf disks from each plate were used to determine the number of eggs, and the other half of the leaf disks were used to determine the number of hatched larvae.
5609	To determine the effects of pyrethrins against WFT, pyrethrins were tested in vitro at different concentrations on adult mortality, feeding, oviposition, and embryo development.
5610	Remarkably, the potential role of pyrethrins in pyrethrum plant defense has not been studied.
5611	In FORTH, defining new words is usually done as follows: the definition is opened with the word q , immediately followed by the name of the new word and its definition, using FORTH words that are already known to the dictionary.
5612	For instance, in HPLC using multiwavelength diode array detection the use of the curve resolution technique would be difficult without computer assistance.
5613	To extract as much reliable information as possible from an experiment is an important objective in analytical chemistry.
5614	After that, the patient is recalled every 3 months in accordance with the guidelines given in the position paper cited above.
5615	When BRONJ occurs in patients with osteoporosis, temporary discontinuation of BP or a switch from BP to other drugs should be considered if there is little risk for fracture.
5616	Treatment with BP had already been discontinued for over 3 months in this patient in collaboration with the prescribing physician.
5617	She subsequently underwent sequestrectomy with PCBM graft and tooth extraction.
5618	It was not possible to discontinue BP treatment in this patient due to skeletal pain related to bone metastasis.
5619	In the present study, 2 of the patients were treated with corticosteroid for rheumatoid arthritis another 3 had diabetes mellitus.
5620	Therefore, it is necessary to accumulate further clinical data in order to establish more effective treatment strategies for BRONJ.
5621	Asterisks indicate that the Gag reactivity is less than that of mock-treated cells.
5622	Our finding that HIV infects HPCs with an immature phenotype has clear ramifications for HIV disease, because some of these cells may be long lived and could carry latent HIV for extended periods of time.
5623	Cell culture.
5624	We incubated washed cells with antibody to Gag in FACS buffer for 30 min on ice and analyzed them on a FACScan or FACSCanto flow cytometer.
5625	The UV detection wavelength was 205 nm.
5626	Morphometric methods.
5627	Figure 2a is a silver-stained control, easily distinguished from Figure 2b , a silver-stained section from a ketamine-treated rat pup.
5628	Our animals at the repeated 10 mg/kg and single 20 mg/kg dose levels appeared anesthetized, but no actual tests of their level of analgesia or anesthesia were conducted.
5629	The arrows mark five cells where the DNA is divided into several ''packets'' characteristic of apoptosis, while the circle surrounds several neurons with normal-appearing DNA.
5630	However, the various types of labeled cells noted to respond to NMDA antagonist exposure had to be evaluated on, at best, adjacent brain sections taken from similar regions.
5631	We were able to show that in many cases the degenerating cells were triple-labeled; the same neuron revealed bright clumps of DAPI-positive chromatin characteristic of apoptotic nuclei, as well as positive green staining for Fluoro-Jade B and red for caspase-3.
5632	Probably, the stains are differentially sensitive to the various stages that apoptotic cells undergo; further studies should be undertaken with cultured cells, where the occurrence of apoptosis can be synchronized following a toxicant exposure.
5633	However, the tumor antigens targeted in successful treatments remain poorly defined.
5634	However, evidence supporting their role in immunotherapy-mediated tumor regression is limited.
5635	Thus, both viral and nonviral tumor antigentargeting TCRs displayed a range of functional avidities.
5636	All employees who were judged by their managers to be at risk of exposure to raw sewage were included in the sample, as was an additional group of manual employees working at adjacent Thames Water sites who had no known exposure to sewage.
5637	This could have resulted in underestimates.
5638	Supernatants contained the PAF-AH activity.
5639	ESI-MS analysis of the biologically active material that was recovered from the reverse-phase HPLC column with the retention time of butanoyl-PAF is shown in Fig.
5640	In the present study, we show that several elements of the PAF system are potentially involved in the physiopathology of the human arterial wall.
5641	The paired design of this study, in which aortas with atherosclerotic lesions and internal mammary arteries free of lesions from the same patients were used, provided appropriate specimens for investigating the contribution of PAF acetylhydrolase and transacetylase activities in the progression of atherosclerosis.
5642	In agreement with the immunohistochemical analysis, PAF acetylhydrolase activity was detected in aortas and mammary arteries.
5643	In diseased aortas, the transacetylase activity was slightly higher than the acetylhydrolase activity; however, this difference did not reach statistical significance.
5644	Triggers of the patient's episodes of respiratory distress included decreasing her dose of systemic steroid, viral upper respiratory infections, exposure to cold air, exercise, and strong emotions.
5645	We discussed with the patient that given her severe asthma, it would not be surprising if she became anxious when she developed shortness of breath.
5646	Further, she reported that her bouts of shortness of breath were much less frequent than prior to the use of hypnosis.
5647	The patient wanted to learn how to use hypnosis to control her anxiety.
5648	Children's report of anxiety has been shown not to be correlated with the severity of their asthma.
5649	While formal assessment of anxiety is not necessary prior to introduction of self-hypnosis therapy, interested clinicians might utilize anxiety inventories with both patients and their parents in order to help assess the efficacy of therapy.
5650	Another potential benefit of hypnosis facilitated stress reduction for patients with asthma is its effect on the body's immune function.
5651	Clinicians interested in learning how to use hypnosis within their medical practice should enroll in training workshops, as hypnosis is learned best through exposure to a variety of educational experiences, including didactic presentations, demonstrations, modeling by different hypnotherapists, and small group practice sessions.
5652	Collection was started when the predicted collection was at least 0.5 Â 10 6 CD34 þ cells/kg and continued until the goal was met or the daily collection contained o0.5 Â 10 6 CD34 þ cells/kg.
5653	Flow cytometry.
5654	Statistical methods.
5655	Given the effect of red blood cells on plasma volume and blood viscosity as well as the effect of hypoalbulinemia on blood viscosity 26 and poor collection, 16, 27 it could be that these two factors have an immediate effect on the 'physics' of the mononuclear cell layer formation during apheresis.
5656	For continuous variables, the OR represents the same value for an increase of one unit of that variable.
5657	A Bonferroni method is used to control for Type 1 error rate in testing whether H is positive during the item selection procedure.
5658	Lack of IIO does not obviate use of the Ch-MIDAS to order individuals on the basis of the total scale score.
5659	On the other hand, someone scoring high will also require information about re-mobilisation but may also require psychological interventions such as counselling or cognitive behavioural therapy.
5660	We call our algorithm augmented-loss training as it optimizes multiple losses to augment the traditional supervised parser loss.
5661	There have been a number of efforts to exploit weak or external signals of quality to train better prediction models.
5662	The augmented-loss training algorithm that we propose is based on the structured perceptron; however, the augmented-loss training framework is a generalmechanism to incorporate multiple loss functions in online learner training.
5663	Furthermore, we can apply this to any parsing algorithm which can generate k-best lists.
5664	Assume training set D is lossseparable with margin γ. Theorem 1.
5665	Theorem 1 guarantees that this can not continue indefinitely as the number of mistakes is bounded.
5666	All feature conjunctions are included.
5667	In our experiments we work with a set of EnglishJapanese reordering rules 1 and gold reorderings based on human generated correct reordering of an aligned target sentences.
5668	We see continued improvements as we adjust the schedule to process the extrinsic loss more frequently, the best result being when we make two augmented-loss updates for every one treebank-based loss update.
5669	The work that is most similar to ours is that of Chang et al.
5670	These induced examples are then added to their training set and, after processing each unlabeled dataset, they perform full model optimization with the concatenation of training data and newly generated training items.
5671	This is advantageous for two reasons.
5672	The assumption that there will always be an improvement in the k-best list if there is some better parse breaks down as training continues.
5673	The aim of the present study was to investigate ACTH, allopregnanolone and cortisol responses to CRH test in women with HA compared with fertile age-matched women.
5674	Amenorrheic women had a history of stressful events which preceded the onset of amenorrhea, such as familiar, scholastic or working problems.
5675	Two baseline blood samples were obtained at ¹15 min and time zero.
5676	Standard allopregnanolone was purchased from Sigma Chemical Co.
5677	With the MANOVA, the means of ACTH, allopregnanolone and cortisol were significantly different between HA and control subjects at different times during CRH test.
5678	The luteal phase is characterized by high levels of allopregnanolone.
5679	In their system, the interface deficiencies identified above were addressed.
5680	This virtual 3D environment displays the seeds in the original data set that provides an intuitive viewing environment.
5681	Table 1 shows the testing results for seven data sets.
5682	These tumors may secrete large amounts of vasoactive substances, including 5-hydroxytryptamine and prostaglandins, which in turn cause various clinical manifestations such as flushing, diarrhea, and bronchospasm.
5683	Written informed consent was obtained from the patient's legal representative for publication of this case report and any accompanying images.
5684	We have found that a laser power of 25 mW maximizes the signal-to-noise ratio for detection of fluorescein thiohydantoin derivatives of amino acids.
5685	A heliumneon laser operating at 543.5 nm efficiently excites these derivatives.
5686	E/A was calculated.
5687	Table 2 Target renal and vascular organ damage and correlations with renal volume and blood pressure.
5688	This results show how 3rd tertile group with an htTKV above 468 mL/m showed a significantly worse cardiovascular profile than controls but also than ADPKD patients with an htTKV below the threshold of 468 mL/m.
5689	The 24 h ABPM permits a better classification of the BP status compared to oBP, and it may have contributed to the detection of significant renal volume differences among groups even though BP was within the normal range.
5690	The rise in BP in ADPKD is mainly linked to a higher activity of renin angiontensin system because its activation due to the compression of the expanding cysts over intrarenal vessels.
5691	Moreover, this is apparently the 1st study to show a link between the cardiovascular profile in normotensive ADPKD and the renal volume.
5692	Numerical studies have shown the realization of theoretical order of convergence and the robustness of current stabilized ASGS finite element method for Stokes-Brinkman-V ADR tightly coupled system.
5693	Organisation of the paper is as follows: Section 2 starts from introducing the model and finishes at Subgrid formulation going through two more subsections presenting weak formulation and semi-discrete formulation.
5694	Both are bounded quantity that is we can find lower and upper bounds for both of them.
5695	It involves decomposition of the solution space V F into the spaces of resolved scales and unresolved scales.
5696	In this section we will find apriori error bound, which depends on the exact solution.
5697	From now onwards we will start derivation of each expression after considering the replacements directly.
5698	We calculate the bounds for the above two terms separately.
5699	Before going to derivation let us see the term d 4 explicitly.
5700	We will use inf-sup condition to find estimate for E A p .
5701	This section presents a brief study on implementing stabilized ASGS method on coupled Stokes-Brinkman/Transport model with interface conditions.
5702	Here we have considered the domain Ω be partitioned into two sub-domains viz.
5703	The value of porosity is taken to be 2.
5704	To achieve this level of precision, a major drawback must be overcome.
5705	Therefore, the determination of physical quantities such as the critical exponents relies on choosing some sort of an optimal regulator.
5706	The relation between these two concepts was already discussed in Ref.
5707	We check explicitly that the special conformal constraint is not exactly fulfilled at the fixed point.
5708	In this way, we obtain an exact flow equation which involve only functional derivatives with respect to the field, not with respect to the regulating function.
5709	The flow equation Eq.
5710	It is convenient to restore the S n in the conformal Ward identity.
5711	It is interesting, at this point to count how many independent structures in momenta appear in the symmetrized version of Eq.
5712	Conclusions.
5713	Dong et al.
5714	First, we check the quality of the sentence level extractive oracle, since it is the upper bound of any extraction system.
5715	Two different methods are used in recent extractive summarization research for building the oracle training label.
5716	We adopt the second method since it is more widely used and easy to implement.
5717	These rates are much higher than the sentence-level extractive oracle, and show that the unnecessity issue is quite severe.
5718	Similarly, we conduct the experiments and analysis on the extractive oracle and the BERT-SENT summarization system.
5719	In order to perform extraction on the sub-sentential units, we need to determine what units can be extracted.
5720	The basic idea is based on the sub-sentential clauses in the tree.
5721	We use the clause tag since the information in a clause is more complete than a phrase.
5722	After encoding the document with pre-trained BERT encoder, an average pooling layer are used to aggregate information of each extraction unit.
5723	It consists of two levels of encoders.
5724	We use the bert-base-uncased version of BERT, which has 12 pre-trained Transformer layers.
5725	Since the extraction unit in this paper is shorter than full sentence, we repeatedly select next sub-sentential unit until the summary length reaches the limit.
5726	In addition, we are also curious about how sub-sentential extraction solves the problems of full sentence extraction.
5727	Specifically, the workers are asked to identify whether redundant or unnecessary information exists.
5728	Table 4 presents the human evaluation results.
5729	It can be observed that by performing sub-sentential extraction, the full sentence is broken into more fine-grained semantic units.
5730	Both automatic and human evaluations show that sub-sentential extraction performs competitively compared to the full-sentence-extraction systems.
5731	Each occupation has a preferred and alternative labels, a description and a list of optional and essential skills, competences and knowledge.
5732	Pre-title nodes: these nodes are parts of job or vacancy titles, but are not valid titles themselves.
5733	Some cases, such as "Neurologist", have no parents other than the root node, while others, such as "HR Manager", do.
5734	To insert a new title starting at a given node, its sequence is compared to that of each child.
5735	This is the most direct representative for the actual value of a system in practice, as high accuracy is required to be able to contribute to an ontology.
5736	During the review phase for this paper, we applied our method at the behest of VDAB, the Flemish employment agency.
5737	In this project, our technique was used to suggest new titles for its Competent standard.
5738	As Competent is written in Dutch, we used the RobBERT model introduced by Delobelle et al.
5739	Our method is conceptually simple, over two orders of magnitude faster than competing models and can be applied in tandem with more general NER models.
5740	Aside from using our method as a standalone model, it can also be leveraged as a preprocessing step, consistently resulting in improved accuracy.
5741	Future work will explore the application of our method in different fields, as well as more advanced ways to leverage the title tree used in this paper.
5742	We show in Fig.
5743	Actually, these non-Gaussian behaviors were already seen on the typical time series of acceleration in Fig.
5744	We have then estimated, based on numerical simulations, the statistical properties of its Lagrangian trajectories.
5745	These are new and non trivial results that are calling for new theoretical developments.
5746	S9 originates from these small and large scales regularizations, and we expect very similar behaviors at small scales as those considered in Figs.
5747	S10 governs the temporal structure of the field.
5748	Furthermore, τ c is of the same order as τ e , as it is discussed in Ref.
5749	Thus, if indeed frozen-in-time advecting fields give the same picture as evolving fields u and u a , then we can conclude that observations made in Fig.
5750	Furthermore, the ALDA is more problematic when dealing with the scattered electron because its energy is far from its ground state.
5751	This results in the emergence of a nonphysical reflection probability and phase shift of the scattered electron.
5752	In the soft-Coulomb potential, cusps disappear with removing the singularity at zero separation.
5753	The broadening of the bound-electron density is evidence of the energy transfer from the incident electron to the bound electron.
5754	When exciting molecules to accelerate chemical reactions, it seems problematic that only a small portion of incident energy is transferred to a target molecule regardless of how high the energy of the incident electron is.
5755	Nevertheless, low-energy scattering processes are of interest in many cases.
5756	In the exact solution here, the initial two electrons are assumed to be distinguishable as the same assumption is introduced in the solution derived with the perturbation theory.
5757	We investigate whether these methods are feasible in describing the inelastic electron scattering.
5758	As well as electron scattering, this approach can be applied to different systems where we are especially interested in the correlation of particular electrons among many others, for instance, the entanglement of quantum bits in a bath.
5759	Finally, we propose a hybrid TDDFT-TDSE method that could achieve proper electron correlation and a low computational cost simultaneously.
5760	Unary clique-width.
5761	The idea behind this definition is that the edge set of a graph G can be constructed with "bounded amount of information"; this is since we have only a fixed number of distinct labels and vertices of the same label are further indistinguishable by the expression.
5762	Further similar examples are easy to come with.
5763	We say that a class S is of bounded clique-width if there exists a constant h such that the clique-width of every S ∈ S is at most h. Obviously, this is only an asymptotic concepts which makes sense for infinite classes S and, mainly, it "smoothens" marginal technical differences between various definitions of clique-width.
5764	Corollary 6.
5765	Consequently, in such a suitably constructed set P , we can interpret an arbitrarily large square grid graph on the points p 0 , p 1 , .
5766	Proof outline.
5767	Interested readers may find more in the Appendix.
5768	Let the points of P be enumerated as p 1 , p 2 , .
5769	To be formally precise with Theorem 5 and our Corollary 6, we hence need to formulate the following claim relating the latter point back to our Definition 1: Proof.
5770	Finally, we finish by an application of the decision version of Theorem 7.
5771	The reason of such difficulty comes from the fact that at these high frequencies one must have extremely high sensitive ordinary GW detectors to achieve the predicted strain sensitivity.
5772	Also a different field theory approach for the inverse process, namely of that of photon-graviton mixing has been studied in Ref.
5773	Due to this fact, we can simplify our calculations by assuming that the magnetic field is completely transversal with respect to direction of propagation of GWs.
5774	This particular type of configuration can be easily achieved in a laboratory when one is free to choose at convenience the direction of the external magnetic field.
5775	In this work I studied and found exact solutions of the equations of motions of graviton-photon mixing in a constant and perpendicular magnetic field with respect to the direction of propagation of GWs.
5776	In the case when the fields are relativistic and with slowly varying amplitudes within the SVEA approximation conditions, one recovers the approximate results previously found in the literature.
5777	This poses a serious problem in a number of application areas, especially in regulated industries like banking.
5778	Our computational engine for AxNN is built using Google's AdaNet implementation, and it inherits the benefits of efficient neural network architecture search by adaptively learning via multiple subnetwork candidates.
5779	So, AxNN is computationally efficient and scalable, and the computations can be easily accelerated with distributed CPU, GPU, or even TPU hardware.
5780	Before going further, it is worth reiterating that it is rarely possible to reconstruct an underlying model form exactly based on data.
5781	The paper further shows how the fitted results can be decomposed into main effects and higherorder interaction effects.
5782	We also provide an importance measure for ranking the significance of all the detected main and interaction effects.
5783	We introduce the AxNN framework using boosting or stacking ensembles and then describe the decomposition of the ridge functions into main effects and interactions.
5784	However, in our studies, the weights of the base learners with boosting are usually stable over the iterations.
5785	The ridge function decomposition regroups the ridge functions from the base learners from different iterations, and is showed in Table 2 .
5786	Thus far, we have studied a two-stage AxNN using GAMnet and xNN, but xNN is able to directly capture main effects as well as interactions.
5787	Figure 3 shows there is a steep decrease of training and validation errors after two GAMnet weak learners.
5788	The importance of the main effects and interaction effects from the ridge function in Figure 3 is well aligned with their true importance, calculated through the variance of each additive component in the true model.
5789	The automatic selection of the NN architecture proceeds in the same manner as described in Section 4.1.
5790	AxNN stacking has the best performance over all the four examples.
5791	Figure 7 shows that AxNN boosting and stacking have similarities as well as differences in their behavior over iterations.
5792	We removed some non-meaningful information as well as two response-related information, which left us with 11 predictors to model.
5793	Respiratory failure is obviously the main cause, 3 as was also the case in previous viral pandemics, such as the Spanish flu of 1918.
5794	Knowing that non-survivors are more likely to have low lymphocyte counts or high C-reactive protein or D-dimer levels 3,6,7 provides no information about the actual process of death.
5795	The same considerations might apply to patients who develop renal failure.
5796	A second possible scenario for ICU and hospital patients is related to limitation of life-sustaining therapies because of poor predicted outcomes associated with old age, frailty, comorbidities, or profound disability, or because of effects of distributive limitations associated with lack of personnel, beds, or materials.
5797	Among the many unanswered questions is the key issue related to the actual process leading to death.
5798	In urban areas, in seven countries out of the nine for which we have data, 70 percent or more of the households with DPCE between six and ten dollars have tap water, whereas the share is below 50 percent in all countries but one for the extremely poor.
5799	From each of these surveys we compute the consumption per capita in PPP terms, using the 1993 PPP as the benchmark.
5800	For comparison, we then added two additional groups: those living between two and four dollars a day, and those living between six and ten dollars a day.
5801	Part of the reason is, of course, that fertility is high among the poor, and as a result there are a lot of children.
5802	But there are also comparably few older people.
5803	One thing that is common across these six countries is that the ratio of people in the zero to eighteen age group compared to older people does not vary a lot between the extremely poor and those living between six and ten dollars a day.
5804	This is less true of women.
5805	When a household was reinterviewed in the second or third phase, the entire household roster was carefully updated: the interviewers worked with a preprinted list of household members, and asked for each member whether he or she still lived in the household and whether he or she is still alive.
5806	In addition, we know if all the members of a given household died.
5807	The Vietnam living standard measurement survey is a two-wave panel, fi elded in 1992 and 1993 and 1997 and 1998.
5808	As in the Indonesian family life survey, the 1992 and 1993 household roster was updated for all households that were part of the panel in 1997 and 1998, with information for each member of whether they died in the intervening period.
5809	Despite these differences, the patterns we fi nd in Udaipur are entirely consistent with those for Indonesia and Vietnam.
5810	Here again, in all age groups, the mortality is higher for the extremely poor than for the poor and the non-poor.
5811	In all three countries, death rates are thus higher for the poor at all consumption levels, and in particular for the old.
5812	Given the differential mortality we have described among the poor and non-poor, this implies that there is a stronger negative bias among the poor than the non-poor, and therefore, everything else equal, we will tend to underestimate any differences in the slope of health with respect to age between the groups.
5813	In Indonesia it is the number of symptoms over the last four weeks from among the following: having difficulty sleeping, being bothered by things, feeling lonely, being sad, being anxious, having difficulty concentrating, and fi nding everything an effort.
5814	On the whole, in Udaipur, a simple story can be told: as they get older, the poor get comparably weaker and weaker, and they are also more likely to die.
5815	Unlike Udaipur, there seems to be some tension between the health indicators and the actual mortality in rural Indonesia.
5816	Hence disturbances in the E2/ER metabolic pathways are likely to cause metabolic diseases such as heart disease, obesity and also cancer.
5817	Tumors refractory to chemotherapy are prone to the acquisition of drug resistance.
5818	The proteins encoded by both these genes catalyze the conversion of Llactate and NAD to pyruvate and NADH as the final step of anaerobic glycolysis, a feature of the metastatic phenotype.
5819	Blocking FASN has antiproliferative effects on breast cancer cells.
5820	A natural antibiotic, known as cerulenin derived from the fungus, C. ceruleans, caused apoptosis in cancer cells; C75 is a natural derivative of cerulenin.
5821	The cellular antiproliferative actions of n-3 PUFAs include modulation of metabolism, expression of cell cycle and apoptosis factors including caspases, and the ability of fatty acids to sensitize tumor cells to anticancer drugs by increasing membrane permeability.
5822	The ability of normal HMECs from reduction mammoplasty has been shown to be competent in RA synthesis and the ability is still retained by immortal, nontumorigenic breast epithelial cells, such as MCF10A.
5823	In the ER-MDA-MB-231 and SKBR-3 cells, MSK is implicated in the expression of the proinflammatory cytokine IL-6, whereby IL-6 is constitutively expressed and MSK is recruited to the IL-6 promoter following TNF-signaling.
5824	The high expression of BDNF is of speculative importance because the gene encoding for this protein of the nerve growth factor family is responsible for the survival of striatal neurons and also responds to stress.
5825	As the Sp family signature, the DNA binding domain C features the three Cys2His2 zinc 'fingers' required for sequencespecific DNA association.
5826	Most of the current studies have focused on Sp1 mRNA/protein expression and more studies on Sp3 isoforms are required to develop better Sp protein targeting cancer therapies.
5827	Fifteen cases were Excluder, 11cases were Zenith and 2 cases was Power link.
5828	METHODS From April 2007 to January 2013, we performed de novo 490 ostial SFA stenting with jailed DFA.
5829	It is known that the prevalence of thyroid disorders increases with age.
5830	Black patients for instance, respond better to CCBs and diuretics, whereas white patients have better response to ACE/ARBs and Beta-blockers.
5831	Blacks and non-diabetics in the ACEI arm had higher rates of these unfavourable outcomes.
5832	The risk was greatly attenuated after the first year when blood pressures were similar.
5833	This meta-analysis comparing combination therapy at submaximal doses to either agent alone at maximal doses confirmed these findings with greater reduction in proteinuria.
5834	Blood pressure was also lower in thiazide arm as compared to the other arms hence equivalency of blood pressure was not achieved.
5835	Hence, in the ALLHAT trial little or no attention was paid to kidney function, consequently the results of ALLHAT regarding renal outcomes remain unresolved.
5836	However with blood pressure control the rate of decline in GFR can be attenuated.
5837	All the three arms of the trial had the same blood pressure reduction.
5838	The beneficial effect of Captopril was seen in both normotensive and hypertensive patients.
5839	Thus aggressive blood pressure control in patients with overt nephropathy will induce greater remission and regression rates, especially when ACEI are used.
5840	Both arms had similar secondary end points of urine albumin excretion, doubling serum creatinine, progression to ESRD and cardiovascular events.
5841	A significant reduction in primary end point was noted in favour of the Perindopril group vs.
5842	Specifically, only 18 percent of the ACEI group received a diuretic and mainly in the last year or two.
5843	The ALLHAT trial hence concluded that diuretics are similar if not superior to ACEI and CCBs with regards to cardiovascular protection and mortality.
5844	Notably, the effect of diabetes on CV event rates is not apparent until a minimum of 6 years and becomes progressively more pronounced.
5845	This partially flawed trial may result in physicians using less effective antihypertensive drugs in patients with kidney disease.
5846	August rainfall was 1.34 inches above average at Greensboro; 3.08 inches above average at Burlington, and 2.10 inches above average at Fayetteville.
5847	Consequently, soils in these areas were at or near saturation and had limited capacity for storing the rainfall that fell during the passage of Hurricane Fran.
5848	A series of these measurements made over a range of flow conditions I defines the rating curve, which is used to convert continuous measurements of stage to a continuous record of flow.
5849	I The rating curve is considered accurate only over the range for which discharge measurements have been made.
5850	Based on medians of long-term year-round data collected by the USGS, dissolvedoxygen concentrations typically are 8.7 mg/L near Falls, 8.0 mg/L at Smithfield, and 8.3 mg/L at Kinston.The median dissolvedoxygen concentration at New Bern for August 1996 was 6.5 mg/L.
5851	Salinity record beginning late on September 4, when the water level in the estuary began to rise, indicates the mixing effect of winds from Hurricane Fran.
5852	The improved stability of our copolymer-coated AuNPs in varying physiological conditions is attributed to the formation of an insulated hydrophobic layer around the gold surface and a hydrophilic PEG layer, which is different from, for example, a thiol-PEG ligand based coating.
5853	As endothelial dysfunction becomes more important to clinical practice, the clinician should understand its pathophysiology, its measurement and therapies that affect the endothelial cell.
5854	In summary, agonists stimulate eNOS to produce NO, which increases smooth muscle cGMP and reduces smooth muscle calcium levels and tone.
5855	When the NO-cGMP pathway is inhibited, the balance between vasodilation and vasoconstriction shifts to vasoconstriction.
5856	When acetylcholine was infused intravenously, normal controls showed a vasodilatory response, but responses were reduced or vasoconstrictive in patients with hypertension, 13 diabetes, 15 hypercholesterolemia, 14 congestive heart failure 28 or atherosclerosis.
5857	However, it is operator dependent, technically challenging, requires specific training and equipment and currently lacks standardization between laboratories.
5858	Intra-arterial pressure influences the electrical resistance of a small piezoelectric crystal within the tip of the tonometer, allowing the recording of the pressure waveform.
5859	Three grams of L-arginine produced the maximal hemodynamic effect, which occurred 10 min after the intravenous bolus.
5860	Catheter-based measure- The endothelial cell in health and disease BG Schwartz et al ment with acetylcholine remains the 'gold standard', but is not conducive to large-scale clinical screening because it is invasive, relatively high risk and requires skilled technicians.
5861	High-frequency ultrasound is noninvasive and has proven accuracy and reproducibility; however, the need for skilled personnel and longer testing time may preclude its use as a clinical screening modality.
5862	Digital pulse amplitude tonometry and digital thermal monitoring are each standardized, simple to use and feature a noninvasive fingertip sensor.
5863	In the interim, testing endothelial function is reasonable for patients with intermediate or high-risk clinical markers in whom the presence of atherosclerosis is unknown, including patients with ED, clinical claudication, diabetes or other cardiac risk factors.
5864	In addition to serving as a surrogate marker for systemic atherosclerosis, endothelial function testing is being used in ED research trials to diagnose vasculogenic ED.
5865	Although numerous studies have evaluated the cavernous arterial response to PDE5 inhibitor therapy, only a few small studies 80, 81 have examined the use of PDE5 inhibitors for the diagnosis of vasculogenic ED.
5866	Perhaps PDE5 inhibitors can enhance the diagnostic capacity.
5867	As such, it is not known whether developing therapies targeted specifically to endothelial function will decrease major adverse cardiac events.
5868	In remote ischemic preconditioning, protection is conveyed to distant tissues or organs.
5869	In the past, Dr Kloner has served as a speaker and consultant to Pfizer and Lilly.
5870	Specifically, we investigated the AVCN, VNTB, MNTB, and the LSO of Fmr1 2/2 mice.
5871	In this new, binarized stack, voxels with intensity values above the adjusted threshold value had a value of 1 and were considered to contain signal for GAD67, GlyT2, and VGLUT2 in the red, green, and blue channels, respectively.
5872	Python Language Reference, version 2.7.
5873	Importantly, the VNTB is the main extrinsic source of inhibitory inputs to the MNTB .
5874	Representative images of presynaptic inputs to VNTB cells in Fmr1 2/2 and B6 animals are shown in Figure 3 .
5875	In Fmr1 2/2 mice, we saw no change in number or size of glycinergic, GABAergic, or glutamatergic presynaptic structures in either the medial or lateral LSO.
5876	Studies in structural glasses revealed that a relation clearly exists, and much effort has been devoted to identify the involved mechanisms that characterize it.
5877	The key obstacle in these studies concerns the identification of the backbone structure, which is limited by the difficulty to properly identify ground state configurations.
5878	Given the high degeneracy of the ground state of the ±J EA model, this sets a finite size constraint, and thus only systems with very small sizes can be resolved.
5879	Then, in Sec.
5880	At temperatures close enough to T c the MFTD is expected to be characterized by a single peak at small time scales, typical of fast flipping events.
5881	It is also worth stressing that spins which belongs to a given ferromagnetic domain can eventually be part of a domain wall in a subsequent time, i.e.
5882	Finally, we show in this section the evolution of the contribution of solidary spins to the MFTD corresponding to the two-dimensional ±J EA model.
5883	The second peak of the contribution of solidary spins to the MFTD, corresponding to slow degrees of freedom, is not evolving with t w .
5884	The second peak, related to the slow degrees of freedom, moves to larger values of the mean flipping time scale when the tem- perature is decreased.
5885	In particular a checkerboard scheme with parallel spin flip updates is used.
5886	On the base of the code presented in Ref.
5887	Is it worth stressing that we are still simulating at more than 120x with respect to a CPU implementation.
5888	Women in this group were diagnosed with diverse types of nonneoplasic pathologies such as: cysts, endometriosis, ectopic pregnancies, fallopian tube pathologies, polyps, fibromas and benign mesonephromas.
5889	Survival was defined as survival time from surgery to death due to the disease.
5890	Reaction conditions, design of primers and fluorescent labeled hybridization probes have been described previously.
5891	Another important finding is that the C282Y mutation was found to be associated with shorter survival of EOC patients.
5892	A list of methods to diagnose MS and assess its severity and suitability for CBC, as well as to assess associated lesions, is depicted in Table 1 Cardiac catheterization and angiography are essential in many patients.
5893	Thrombus present only in the atrial appendage is usually not a contraindication to CBC for skilled and experienced personnel if echocardiography is used during the procedure.
5894	M. TANAKA for his critical reading and discussion of this paper.
5895	These are needed for verification and validation-mandatory steps in the design of critical systems.
5896	However, representativeness is vital for correctly applying EVT, which requires ensuring that analysis-time observations can be used to derive pWCET estimates that hold during operation.
5897	Other techniques allow relating WCET estimates with operation conditions, but they apply EVT without considering the particular characteristics of the execution time distributions modelled.
5898	Contribution.
5899	In particular, our contributions cover three elements.
5900	This type of distribution is referred to in probability and statistics as mixture distribution.
5901	Such specific timing behaviour is the basis for some of the assumptions made in this article to tailor EVT application.
5902	Related work is reviewed in Section 7 and conclusions provided in Section 8.
5903	EVT is a branch of statistics used to predict the probability of events more extreme than those that can be usually observed in a sample.
5904	In this respect, EVT has to be understood as a technique to predict the probabilities of the combined impact of timing events observed in the analysis-time measurements, that is, the sample.
5905	Platforms fulfilling those requirements are called MBPTA-compliant platforms .
5906	Hence, unlike EVT, MBPTA considers some system internals, so following a grey-box approach.
5907	The benefits of MBPTA compliance include reducing the pressure on the end user to control the SoJ affecting the program's execution time.
5908	This occurs because the objects' addresses determine the set they are mapped to, ultimately impacting which accesses will hit/miss in cache.
5909	GPD delivers exactly the same distributions as GEV for the same ξ values, so light, exponential, and heavy tail distributions, 4 as shown in Figure 1 , with similar values for μ and σ .
5910	Then, we provide an implementation of the MBPTA-CV method and provide evidence on how it provides high-quality pWCET projections that upper-bound the analysis time distribution and, hence, the operationtime one as well.
5911	In particular, selecting only those observations that truly correspond to the tail of the distribution, of all those observations in the sample, becomes much more challenging.
5912	This occurs because each individual event has limited impact on execution time, and they occur frequently during program's execution.
5913	This is, for instance, the case of bus arbitration that takes a few cycles.
5914	The PDF resembles quite well the shape of a Gaussian distribution due to the high degree of independence across random events and their relatively high number.
5915	Further, unlike random replacement or random bus arbitration, which occur very frequently during the execution of the program, placement is randomised only once, right before executing the program-followed by a cache flush for cache consistency.
5916	Enforcing representativeness, in turn, ensures that EVT is provided with a sample that captures all the peaks in the execution time distribution.
5917	For instance, coming back to the example in Figure 4 , the representativeness step of MBPTA guarantees that EVT is provided with a sample with a similar histogram to the one in the figure, which contains measurements for all peaks in the PDF.
5918	The difficulty of achieving show depends on the shape of the distribution.
5919	Thus, this challenges the automation of the parameter selection.
5920	EVT is used in domains ranging from hydrology to finance.
5921	The highest execution time of a program is finite, that is, it has a maximum.
5922	Therefore, the sizes of the steps between potential execution times can be arbitrarily large.
5923	This, in fact, matches with the analysis in Section 3, where we show that mixture distributions, that is, distributions with large steps, may be obtained from execution times.
5924	When fitting the best GPD or GEV distribution to the data sample, different approaches can be followed.
5925	Further details on the evaluation framework are provided later in Section 6.
5926	Overall, in theory, a larger block size reduces the probability of taking non-tail values.
5927	As for other parameters in statistics, different answers can be found in the literature, all of them proven as sufficiently good in the respective problems considered.
5928	The initial sample size for MBPTA-CV, as well as for MBPTA-orig, needs to be large enough according to the representativeness criteria presented in Section 2.
5929	However, i.i.d.
5930	Overall, MBPTA-CV is aware of the nature of execution time distributions for critical real-time applications.
5931	MBPTA-CV narrows down the application of EVT considering the boundary conditions of WCET estimation, and it performs an informed parameter selection and appropriate tail fitting for obtaining high-quality pWCET estimates.
5932	Yet the former the platform is configured in a multicore-aware manner in which every request to the shared hardware resources of the EEMBC Autobench under analysis factors in the potential delay it can suffer due to contention with any other tasks.
5933	For instance, for these two benchmarks, we collected 10,000 runs and applied MBPTA-orig.
5934	In the setup considered in this article, this situation arises when using a large L2 cache together with the EEMBC benchmarks, whose working set is very small.
5935	This has been properly addressed in Abella et al.
5936	Sizesegregated aerosols were collected in July 2014 during an extended transect going from the strait of Belle Isle to Lancaster Sound in the Canadian Arctic, permitting comparison with measurements from other seasons.
5937	Chem.
5938	The spatial variability of TOTAL sulfate and sea salt concentrations is shown in Fig.
5939	The oxidation of SO 2 occurs in the gas phase, the aqueous phase and also on the surface of particles.
5940	They showed that the threshold value for biogenic SO 2 to form new particles was 11 nmol m −3 for the clean Arctic atmosphere in fall.
5941	Drug compliance was defined as fulfilling the drug administration schedule and no missed dosages during the entire treatment course.
5942	The mixing of the rubber with ingredients of the vulcanising group was carried out on a laboratory mill at room temperature.
5943	The reaction was considered complete when the DSC curve appeared on the baseline.
5944	As can be seen, the heat of crosslinking under isothermal conditions changes little with increasing temperature, but it remains lower than the maximum heat of nonisothermal crosslinking.
5945	Figure 3 presents kinetic curves of the vulcanisation of SKI under isothermal conditions at different temperatures.
5946	They applied the stochastic discount factor approach across a wide class of models like CAPM, Campbell's linear factor model, arbitrage pricing theory and Carhart fourfactor model.
5947	Studying an emerging market provides an excellent opportunity to test whether the consensus on the inability of mutual funds in developed and highly efficient markets to beat the market.. Mutual fund is a suitable investment for the common man as it offers an opportunity to invest in a diversified, professionally managed basket of securities at a relatively low cost.
5948	I have used some information based on price, trade value, turnover of the mutual funds concerned and data related to the market index.
5949	Here, the risk free rate is taken as per Treasury bill rate and calculating the return on basis rate.
5950	In this report, to show the actual condition of mutual funds, use Sharpe and Treynor index.
5951	In the core of the fund analysis activity lie the double search of judging return and risk.
5952	From the above analysis, it can be mentioned that the mutual funds have not performed better than their benchmark indicators.
5953	Some of the funds have performed better than the benchmark of its systematic risk but with respect to volatility most of the funds have not performed better.
5954	In the sample, funds are not highly diversified unless few mutual funds and because of their high diversification they have reduced total risk of portfolio whereas, other mutual's funds have low diversified portfolio and have more risk.
5955	GSCM is an increasingly important issue for business .
5956	Details of the companies of the respondents are given in Table 1 .
5957	We assessed the model's performance by examining its convergent and discriminant validity.
5958	Discriminant validity was checked by comparing the correlations of the latent variables to the square root of AVE.
5959	Patient was advised physiotherapy for facial palsy and showed good recovery.
5960	Poor prognostic factors for good functional recovery of facial nerve include patient older than 50 years, complete facial paralysis and lack of CN VII nerve excitability.
5961	A health centre with a pre-existing diabetes care intervention and those located more than 60 minutes by road from the Kingston metropolitan area were excluded.
5962	The sample was increased to 250 participants each from the intervention and non-intervention sites in order to allow for subgroup analysis.
5963	The increase in patients using insulin in 2012 may be an indication of more severe disease or a greater willingness to use insulin by both patients and their doctors.
5964	Insulin use was increased in 2012 compared to 1995.
5965	The 1995 study reported that neither age, duration of follow-up nor gender affected blood pressure control.
5966	Soil protozoa, and protists in general, have also been used in a number of studies to assess the biotic effect of a range of environmental perturbation on different ecosystems.
5967	Most of the existing studies using protists as bioindicators focused either on existing gradients of environmental perturbations such as long-term pollution in highly industrialized regions, or on short-term experiments, often under artificial conditions.
5968	The relative proportion of Arcella discoides, Centropyxis aerophila, Phryganella acropodia, and Tracheleuglypha dentata more than doubled, and their relative contribution to the total testate amoebae biomass C increased by 6-to 14-fold.
5969	These findings indicate only that very few studies of testate amoebae have been done in Alaska and only a few more in other parts of the Arctic.
5970	The experimental setup did not allow for more replicate samples.
5971	This remark does not apply to the tests on the oval abundance and biomass, as these can be considered as single tests.
5972	A number of new medeterine genera await description and other included genera need redefinition before the position of Systenus within the Medeterinae can be ascertained.
5973	PPH is also an important cause of postpartum anemia.
5974	Thus, we can conclude that intravenous iron carboxymaltose therapy is safe, convenient, more effective and faster acting than intravenous iron sucrose therapy for the treatment of severe iron deficiency anemia during postpartum period.
5975	With the technological advancement of mobile devices, social networking, and electronic services, Web technologies continues to play an ever-growing part of the global way of life, incorporated into cultural, economical, and organizational levels.
5976	One of the currently recognized species, Thulinius romanoi sp.
5977	In this paper we compare our park samples of T. augusti with information on the type material of the species and discuss the species current distribution.
5978	The relatively low numbers of reported freshwater tardigrade taxa may be explained by the relatively low number of studies related to this environment, but more probably by the ability of terrestrial tardigrades to enter anhydrobiosis.
5979	Hydrogen atoms were included, but not refined.
5980	As far as we know integrable systems with non-abelian Laurent right hand sides were not considered before.
5981	The existence of an infinite series of symmetries is typical for integrable non-abelian ODEs.
5982	Analysis results of the filter composition showed that no polymer material was contained in the filter.
5983	When polymer material density reached 0.6 g/cm 3 , initial water seepage pressure reached 1 Mpa, which could withstand a water head of 100 m. According to the method of dividing hydraulic concrete impermeability, the grade of polymer anti-seepage is equivalent to the tenth grade.
5984	As a flexible cutoff wall, a polymer cutoff wall has elastic modulus approximate to that of soil.
5985	Generally, the properties of a tailings dam seepage control layer should be equivalent to the impervious performance of a clay layer with permeability coefficient of 10 À7 cm/s and thickness of 1.5 m. In fact, the polymer cutoff wall had a permeability coefficient of 10 À8 -10 À9 cm/s.
5986	A polymer cutoff wall is a kind of ultra-thin flexible cutoff wall.
5987	Nowadays, portfolio optimization has been one of the most important topics in asset management, which mainly focuses on how to allocate investors' wealth among different assets.
5988	To describe the above investment behavior, we propose a multiperiod portfolio optimization problem, in which the investors consider the relative performance for the given benchmark.
5989	Then, Nash equilibrium of these strategies is applied to define the time-consistent strategy for the original optimization problem.
5990	The value function satisfies the following recursive formula.
5991	Remark 6.
5992	As shown in Figure 2 , we can find that the time-consistent strategies with and without benchmark orientation almost are coincident.
5993	Similar to Section 4.1, we can derive the corresponding path of the time-consistent strategy.
5994	In this framework, we derive the time-consistent strategies for the proposed model with and without a risk-free asset by using the backward induction approach.
5995	Two of the SFs are mandatory, while one additional SF is optional for the end-users to choose.
5996	The data centres operate with multi-tenants where ISP-A has interconnected all their tenant instances in an overlay network.
5997	We define that a new SFC header extension must be able to both allow and specify when the inner data-content of an SFC packet header is encrypted.
5998	Specifically, this includes a design of interconnected Compute Node components that are capable of forwarding encrypted SFC packets by the use of two layers of NSH headers.
5999	We solved this problem by combining VXLAN and NSH networks into one customised virtual switch.
6000	This enables network operators to deploy customised networking software in an agile and fast manner.
6001	For example, when an SFC changes, the mac-address of the next-hop SF are also changing.
6002	Hence, the virtual P4 switch in the SF must be able to map interface mac-addresses to SFs.
6003	For incoming traffic to an SF, it is the responsibility of the P4 switch to set the correct destination mac-address to the IP interface of the SF.
6004	This control plane VPN is established by using site-to-site IPsec VPN tunnels between the data centres.
6005	These VMs are instantiated per SFC during service provisioning.
6006	The NFV implementation is developed by the use of Vagrant, Linux bash scripting and the switch programming language P4.
6007	This VM template was set up with Ubuntu Linux 18.04.2 LTS, 2 GB RAM and one virtual CPU.
6008	This demonstration also shows that the layered NSH header architecture is capable of forwarding encrypted SFCs according to a network forwarding policy in a relatively fast and reliable manner.
6009	Here, the distribution of the flow rules is not assigned before the VMs are fully provisioned and EFs are authenticated.
6010	This scheduling of network provisioning significantly decreases the network outage time.
6011	The new NSH header only needs to be implemented in virtualised environments and therefore it is also easily deployed in fully isolated, autonomous and customer-specific environments.
6012	The virtualisation software we used for P4 is based on CPU processing without any network accelerator driver.
6013	In order to reduce the network outage time, it is possible to pre-instantiate redundant VMs.
6014	This includes protecting the data traffic between two SFs with a pair of EFs.
6015	SF3 is a firewall that handles both flows.
6016	However, this packet integrity is established by using IPsec over the encrypted links.
6017	Hence, it requires that every Virtual Link is encrypted and that the Compute Nodes are not compromised.
6018	A possible solution in order to ensure packet integrity to non-encrypted data are to add an integrity key to the NSH header.
6019	A comprehensive view of the developed security framework for SFC has been presented, according to the scenarios executed during the concluding system validation demonstrations.
6020	Furthermore, this article unifies the publicly available results of our security-related studies, by highlighting how the distinct components presented earlier interoperate towards providing secure SFCs.
6021	The presented results highlight the capacity of micro-segmented SFC in NFV, given that the corresponding security requirements are satisfied.
6022	However, this abstraction of physical resources raises new standardisation issues within the virtualised environment, such as the encryption application in the service function.
6023	Hence, this proof of concept experiment aims to contribute to the standardisation of NFV application interfaces for enabling encrypted Virtual Links.
6024	The complex digital model of fire system should simulate the normal process as well as process of ignition in the certain place of the room.
6025	The parameters that change during the operation of a physical object usually change.
6026	In each block, the specialist assesses the a posteriori probability of a fire.
6027	It would be wrong to determine the optimal location of the sensors using simple enumeration method, therefore it was proposed to use a genetic algorithm for this task.
6028	Crossing over comes down to changing the position of sensors, usually based on binary or real data.
6029	Detection of the location and type of fire.
6030	Successful solution of the problem of detecting a fire site and the type of fire depends on the position of the sensors in space, so optimization is important.
6031	III and Sec.
6032	To that respect, the serialised versions of the FFT as proved more area-efficient for every implementation, allowing the larger transforms, such as the the 56-and 64-point FFT to fit on the FPGA, when a parallel version would use more resources than available.
6033	The reduced use of DSP48E1 however comes to the price of an increased number of RAM blocks necessary, which are most likely mapped to serialto-parallel and parallel-to-serial conversions.
6034	As output of light-emitting electronic devices such as smartphones, tablets and laptops is mainly in the short wavelength component of the visible light spectrum, using these devices before sleep might cause sleep disorders.
6035	Moreover, in contrast with Oh et al., we paid attention to the confounding factor of the very low sensitivity of human eye to short wavelengths in the visible spectrum and controlled the light intensity.
6036	Our findings are generally in line with the findings obtained in a study conducted on sleep quality and the level of melatonin in 12 adults who used either blue-light shield or control eyewear two hours before sleep while using a self-luminous portable device.
6037	These findings demonstrate that exposure to blue light may lead to sleep problems, while amber filter was capable of improving the sleep quality through decreasing the sleep delay time.
6038	The formation of the active layers of each electrode material requires the use of polymeric binder material and conductivity enhancing additives.
6039	The charge dependence of the GENl anodes is shown in Figure 4 .
6040	As seen for the Sony cells, the anodes become more exothermic at higher SOC for the higher temperature reactions.
6041	A low-temperature constant heating rate region was observed whose onset temperature decreased with increasing SOC.
6042	The cells resumed their thermal decay profile fiom the time of the interruption.
6043	This behavior shows that the heat output was not the result of internal equilibration or residual heat decay from cycling.
6044	Heat output would also result from oxidation and reduction reactions of the electrolyte, which can impact the cell lifetime and capacity.
6045	This rapid increase corresponds closely with the onset of the exothermic peak observed by DSC for these fill-cell charged anodes.
6046	At temperatures approaching 200'C anode, cathode and electrolyte all contribute to the thermal output of the cell resulting in violent reaction.
6047	Moreover, P.R.C.
6048	The Chinese government indicated that as of 2009 the West Straits Special Economic Zone had a more flexible policy for commercial affairs with Taiwan.
6049	The degree to which a partner fits into two main manifestations depends on the strategic and operational fit for capturing the common concepts and concern with the similarity between partners.
6050	According to Table 1 , the mean value of the "Communication and coordination among functional departments" factor is 0.07, lower than the "Information management" factor, which means it is outside the standard deviation of the survey.
6051	We then utilised the FAHP to analyse those responses.
6052	Step 2: Normalise the boundary value of fuzzy sets of importance score.
6053	The above-mentioned result of j i DF was utilised to replace the crisp value for the computation of the original AHP.
6054	Changes often need to be made during a construction project, and it is necessary for the owner to optimise benefits.
6055	The reasons for the change orders in this case were: insufficient design drawing in the bidding phase, broken commitment of support from the owner, and too many directions by the owner, among others.
6056	Most small-to-medium sized construction contractors in China are run by family members, who usually lack the concept of strategy management, operational management, and client management.
6057	Moreover, the low educational level of construction workers and managers in China limits technology innovation.
6058	All factors need to be identified whenever evaluating a potential partner's ranking on these scales.
6059	The process of risk identification can efficiently promote the competition of partnering organization, and reduce the market entry barriers.
6060	In the last years, party systems have undergone deep changes even in the long-established Western European democracies.
6061	This article answers these questions by moving forward the research on the topic in some respects.
6062	Yet, the relative impact of these factors has changed through time, with class cleavage losing relevance in the last decades and others, such as turnout change, economic performance, and cultural heterogeneity, becoming important.
6063	Even party institutionalization may be a vital ingredient of democratic consolidation.
6064	Thus, it can be empirically detected at one point in time -namely in a given election -only if what happened in previous elections is also properly taken into account.
6065	This means that the party system completely changes its players for three consecutive times.
6066	Stability is caused by the fact that parties are deeply rooted in the society, since they have stemmed from a specific cleavage like class, religion, ethnicity, and voters vote according to the specific social group they belong to.
6067	Given that such variables are related to social cleavages, this procedure is logically acceptable since the observations on a given country are relatively stable over time so that each observation is closely linked to the previous and the following ones.
6068	At the individual level, the argument is clear: people hold parties accountable for the state of the economy, establishing a reward-and-punishment mechanism with the incumbent.
6069	Turnout change has been measured as the absolute difference between two consecutive elections.
6070	The rationale is threefold.
6071	Finally, we add in the explanatory model some variables related to democratic experience and time.
6072	Therefore, it is reasonable to expect that democracies that were inaugurated earlier show higher PSI.
6073	HYPOTHESIS 7: After an initial increase until the late 1960s, since then on the level of PSI has decreased.
6074	Empirical evidence emerging from Table 3 substantially confirms our expectations: over the course of the past 70 years there has been a significant change in the explanatory factors of PSI.
6075	Teacher education is a vital part of school education.
6076	This sector is responsible for preparing teachers prior to entering the school system, and for continuous professional development of teachers who have entered the system.
6077	A sizeable number of them are untrained or under training.
6078	To prepare 9.73 lakh teachers, 22,500 teacher educators per year are required.
6079	Once microinjury occurs in the muscle tissue, the ability of the tissue to sustain further stress is reduced because of rearrangement of tissue collagen, or scar tissue.
6080	The client in this state will feel vulnerable and develop intolerance to even normal activities of daily living.
6081	Tables 1   and 2 place several muscles in two basic categories.
6082	This can lead to a vicious cycle that can be difficult to stop.
6083	The abdominals are the primary trunk flexors and rotators, but we often forget about their relationship with lower-back stability.
6084	To become more aware of the TrA you may perform a brief experiment using this feed-forward activation.
6085	Position yourself sitting in your chair upright with your legs in front of you and your feet on the floor.
6086	Simply lift 1 foot approximately 3 inches off the floor while maintaining an upright position and feel the reaction of the lower trunk region.
6087	Then, upon expiration, ask them to slowly "fire" their TrA as they flatten their lumbar spine on the floor beneath them.
6088	For any program, the core stabilization program just described can act as your warm-up and will take about 8-10 minutes to complete.
6089	If you perform a lateral pull-down with these factors in mind, you will find the exercise to be more challenging and safe.
6090	However, this part of training can seem very difficult or even impossible to some, but not to others.
6091	Let's look at balance, speed, and flexibility in tae kwon do.
6092	This kick has a thrust-type force and requires the athlete to stand on 1 foot, balance and coordinate the torso, focus and direct the foot, and use the hip extensors and gluteus maximus to deliver the kick.
6093	Hershman, "you should see all kinds of debris flowing out.
6094	It's like a waterfall.
6095	That's why you have to be careful about how you do this.
6096	If the discharge in the dog's ear is yeasty or obviously infected, Dr.
6097	Sometimes a second treatment is needed, and sometimes Dr.
6098	Dr.
6099	Their bites ulcerate the ear canal, often leading to secondary infections.
6100	For best results, use an eyedropper to apply mineral oil to the inside of the ear.
6101	Massage the entire ear to be sure the mineral oil is well distributed.
6102	She has also authored several books about human health including "Natural Relief from Aches and Pains," available from your favorite bookseller.
6103	Thus, the aim of this paper is twofold.
6104	Detailed information on the methodology can be found in Zhang et 8 al.
6105	These 35 two lists have the following reason: The bottom 10 list shows the influence of drug-disease proximity 36 on the chosen compounds, whereas the random 10 list shows the influence of WGCNA in order to select 37 an appropriate disease signature.
6106	This hypothesis was tested through 17 GSEA in the following step.
6107	A linkage between AD and OA is a hypothesis that has been posed and 34 positively tested 17 .
6108	In order to validate the compound suggestions the bottom 10 and the random 10 list of drugs were 9 computed.
6109	It can be observed that the bottom 10 list does neither 10 include any drugs tested in OA nor any targets relevant for OA.
6110	We created a code that includes 10 the possibility of GSEA with the piano package that is stored in the repository as mentioned in the 11 Materials and Methods section.
6111	The output was used to suggest drugs 5 based on drug-disease proximity measures in a PPI network.
6112	A few researchers have reported the effect of shading screens in lettuce crops, such as Fu et al.
6113	Weeding was performed manually according to need of the crop.
6114	On the other hand, stem diameter and root length were not altered among the cultivars tested, regardless of the level of shading adopted.
6115	Furthermore, the number of leaves per plant is important, once these organs are the edible part of the plant and, above all, the greater amount of leaves can alter foliar area and the production of the plant.
6116	For the production variables, there was interaction between the shading levels and the cultivars only for the root dry mass.
6117	The greatest dry mass for the different plant organs found in lettuce cultivation in shaded conditions in comparison to open-air cultivation is directly related to the greater radiation incidence in the open-air environment, possibly causing photoinhibition.
6118	According to Taiz et al.
6119	According to Silva et al.
6120	Pods already dried naturally were crushed manually to release the seeds.
6121	On the other hand, in the batches treated at 120 min, the stationary phase starts on average at the 6 th day for all species.
6122	A pretreatment time of 90 minutes was the perfect treatment for the seeds of A. ehrenbergiana and A. seyal.
6123	This large variation in treatment responses indicates considerable differences between species in the seed coat structure as a protective barrier.
6124	Advances in this field are likely to inform researchers across various disciplines about improved ways of blocking pathogen transmission.
6125	The reconstructions we present here are based on mosquitoes rendered transparent using Murray's clear.
6126	In terms of composition, the integument is made of a single layer of ectodermal epithelium, that is attached to a non-cellular internal membrane called the basement membrane.
6127	However, fluorescence signal from the midguts, as assessed using an epifluorescence microscope, was gradually lost.
6128	Although we noticed that in treated mosquitoes morphology and fluorescence were indeed optimally preserved, clearance was only partial after 30 days of sample incubation, showing that although the method could be successfully applied for use in brains and samples of similar composition, it was suboptimal for clearance of the mosquito cuticle.
6129	The study concluded that morphological and functional features of the pump system strongly influence the feeding behaviour of female mosquitoes, therefore influencing the transmission success of various pathogens to humans.
6130	While techniques such as scanning electron microscopy and synchrotron X-ray tomography have provided important findings on the anatomy of the mosquito head, both require complex equipment and sample preparation.
6131	Unlike the thorax, segments I to VIII are able to expand significantly upon ingestion of a blood meal.
6132	In females, segments IX and X bear the gonopore, and a post-genital plate, while in males, segments IX and X harbour a pair of clawed claspers and an aedigus.
6133	Ookinetes reach the basal side of the mosquito midgut, where they transform into oocysts within the first 72 h post-feed.
6134	Salivaria is characterised by development within the frontal portion of the invertebrates' digestive system and transmitted through the bite of an insect.
6135	Lesions of cutaneous leishmaniasis caused by L. tropica, L. major and L. aethiopica often heal spontaneously, whereas muco-cutaneous leishmaniasis caused by L. brasiliensis brasiliensis and L. mexicana tend to metastasize, causing terrible disfigurement and even death.
6136	Visceral leishmaniasis is highly endemic in Iraq, Somalia and Sudan.
6137	The region is the only one with a regional initiative to eliminate visceral leishmaniasis as a public health problem.
6138	The relevance of identification of Leishmania species will depend on the biology of the parasite and the epidemiology of the disease.
6139	Sleeping sickness in Africa affects large mammal fauna.
6140	The first prerequisite for mating to occur in trypanosomes is a doubly infected fly.
6141	In: Moritz C, Kikkawa J, Conservation Biology in Australia and Oceania.
6142	Surrey Beatty, New South Wales, Australia, 171-180.
6143	Here, we show that inducible downmodulation of PCGF1 strongly impaired the 27 growth of primary MLL-AF9 cells.
6144	Goldenseal is a well-known medicinal herb indigenous to the forests of eastern North America, from southern Canada to northern Georgia.
6145	Within each study site, plots were placed in as many as four discretely separated colonies.
6146	Inclusion was restricted to reproducing populations.
6147	Thresholds for edaphic factors were based on guidelines to maintain a mixed-species woodlot as provided by the Pennsylvania State Soil Analytics Lab.
6148	Michx.
6149	Bedrock type that increased the suitable habitat for goldenseal was found to be However, rather than simply indicating ideal habitat for goldenseal, these bedrock types were isolated at least in part because of previous land use.
6150	Despite the attractive mechanical properties, the use of hardwoods in structural applications remains minor.
6151	The survey by Ohnesorge et al.
6152	There are several further technological constraints for the use of hardwoods in structural applications, such as lack of knowledge of the long-term behavior of hardwood gluing, or the less number of certified grading machines compared to softwood, non-harmonized standardization and production processes not optimized for hardwood species.
6153	In these studies, in addition to the cutting pattern and the sawing technology, the quality and the diameter of the round wood had a major influence on the final yield.
6154	Their results are summarized below.
6155	It is also stressed that interactions between different factors can have a significant influence on the lumber volume recovery.
6156	The authors also emphasize the importance of the rotational position on the carriage for the first cut.
6157	As a consequence, a discrete value is assigned to a lumber specimen.
6158	In Torno et al.
6159	The volume of the remaining glulam lamellas was calculated by determining their lengths with a tape measure and using the nominal lamella dimensions.
6160	To assess the quality of hardwood lamellas, different grading methods were used.
6161	Fiber deviation is defined as an angle between the fibers and loading direction over a certain length and is measured in percent.
6162	Both species do not differ considerably.
6163	The higher the log diameter gets, the higher the yield gets.
6164	Wade et al.
6165	In the simulation of Richards et al.
6166	Nonetheless, these boards were stacked and underwent drying.
6167	Here the sawing pattern was similar to this study, but logs with larger diameters were sawn.
6168	Other reasons can be more severe bowing of the ash logs or littler log dimensions.
6169	In the combined grading proposed by Kovryga et al.
6170	This confirms the findings made by other authors for the hardwood species beech.
6171	Since final yield figures of this study and Torno et al.
6172	It is also advisable to define a minimum input log diameter, since the lower the log diameter is, the lower the volume yield of milling becomes.
6173	The paper Kovryga et al.
6174	For oxidative stress analysis, blood samples were collected at days 25, 32, and 46 of the experiment to evaluate enzyme activity and the oxidant/antioxidant balance.
6175	The enzymatic activity was evaluated in the plasma because of its greater capacity of conservation of metabolites, due to the non-occurrence of a coagulation cascade, allowing the enzymes not to be retained in the platelet aggregate, promoting better homogeneity of the metabolites in detriment of the serum.
6176	There was no difference in SFT among treatments despite the high energy content of the diet and its influence on fat deposition, since all treatments contained the same amount of energy and only differed in terms of the presence or absence of additives.
6177	These proteins include ceruloplasmin, fibrinogen, C-reactive protein, antitrypsin and haptoglobin, which exert a significant influence on animal performance.
6178	The GPx is a selenoprotein that contains Se in its active site, which is a known antioxidant nutrient.
6179	Superoxide possesses an irrelevant oxidizing function since, unlike other free radicals, it is present in the inactive form.
6180	In conclusion, the use of plant extract or selenium and vitamin E for lambs fed a high-concentrate diet did not interfere with most of the characteristics studied.
6181	More developments in this respect were made in the second half of 1980s, respectively, in 1986, when after the complete scientific assessment of feasibility from biodiversity and other natural values; the Law on the "Sharr Mountains" national park was adopted.
6182	General measures for the nature conservation will be implemented through a landscape protection and conservation of flora and fauna species.
6183	These categories, according to their degree of importance, are classified into: international, national and local values.
6184	Even the progress of expansion of protected areas are significant, the positive changes on the ground are still very small.
6185	The abrupt rise of nonlinear optical effects is an indication of self-focusing and may be used to determine the self-focusing length.
6186	This fact indicates that external self-focusing in benzene occurs under nearly steady-state conditions for ruby laser pulses of approximately 30 ps to 40 ps duration.
6187	Lymph drainage was also scheduled to treat LLL, but it was not performed because of patient's personal reason at the call time.
6188	Conversely, the muscle length test revealed that mobility of either the surgical or non-surgical shoulder at baseline was compromised, with an evident asymmetry consisting in a 10-cm worse value for non-surgical shoulder.
6189	At variance with the aforementioned report, here we described the effectiveness of a planned PA intervention, supervised by an exercise specialist, on the physical and psychological problems of a cancer survivor.
6190	In particular, the proposed PA intervention consisted of an eight-week APA including mainly proprioception and neuromuscular control exercises in order to improve the postural reeducation and control the pain, thus optimizing the overall QoL.
6191	Though our data are limited by research through a case study, we have shown an improvement in lower limb swelling with ameliorated QoL after the overall PA pathway.
6192	In fact, we reported a bilateral circumference reduction with a decrease in lower limb pain severity.
6193	Often, when there is OHC loss , it is followed by IHC loss.
6194	Two types of auditory receptor cells inhabit the scala media, the inner and outer hair cells.
6195	The change in their receptor potential opens voltage-gated calcium channels that release neurotransmitters at the basal end of the cell, which trigger action potentials in the attached nerve.
6196	The ear model described by Eqs.
6197	Instead, the influx of positive ions from the endolymph in the scala media depolarizes the cell, resulting in a receptor potential.
6198	It was defined as a function of x, to allow variability in IHC efficiency along the cochlear partition.
6199	The basilar membrane velocity as a response to this word was shown in Figure 5 for two different levels.
6200	In this study, we have shown that the amplitude of tones in quiet and in the presence of background noise is most likely coded by the rate only.
6201	Their sites of entry and angulation are almost constant and 3 characteristically directed away from the growing epiphysis .
6202	Determination of the total length of the individual bones was done by taking the measurement between the superior aspect of the head of the femur and the most distal aspect of the medial condyle.
6203	There were 71 bones with 1 nutrient foramen, 25 bones with 2 nutrient foramina, 1 femur with 3 nutrient foramina, 3 femora did not show any nutrient foramen .
6204	The foramina are directed upwards through the compact bone.
6205	The nutrient artery of the femur usually comes from the second perforating artery, which is one of the three perforating branches from the profunda femoris artery.
6206	This allows us to have better understandings on how to control and optimise the extent of hydrolysis in future meat flavour development work.
6207	Beef bone extract was transferred into a 250-mL conical flask and preincubated in a temperature-controlled water bath before the enzyme was added in.
6208	The samples were left to stand for exactly two min before reading the absorbance at 340 nm using a spectrophotometer.
6209	The eluent was continuously sparging with helium and pumped through the HPLC system to the SEC column at a flow rate of 0.5 mL min À1 at 1.5 MPa.
6210	The total amino acid composition of beef bone extract is shown in Table 3 .
6211	The DH of beef bone extract hydrolysed by Protamex Ò , bromelain and Flavourzyme Ò at different hydrolysis treatments are shown in Fig.
6212	The apparent viscosity of bone extract was approximately 109 higher than the hydrolysates that exhibited Newtonian behaviour.
6213	This shows that Flavourzyme Ò is efficient in reducing the viscosity of bone extract, without the addition of other enzymes.
6214	The objective of this study was met where Protamex Ò , bromelain, Flavourzyme Ò and its combinations, had successfully hydrolysed beef bone extract into bone hydrolysates.
6215	Cellular senescence is also implicated in diseases such as cancer, stroke, atherosclerosis, osteoarthritis and metabolic disorders 5 .
6216	We will then explore the canonical map with disease-related data.
6217	The gene expression data on Ras-induced senescence of IMR90 fibroblasts displayed in Fig.
6218	Ras-induced senescence is reflected in the map by upregulation of HRAS, which is however part of the circular structure of genes not allocated to any cluster/pathway.
6219	For one, our approach works even if there is no expert pathway available that can be expected to help in understanding a high-throughput dataset.
6220	And there is flexibility in the selection of the gene list, here shown by assembling the canonical senescence gene list from two sources to start with, and later on by adding a few specific genes for application-specific investigations.
6221	A final issue is the low dimensionality of any pathway map: in a 2D plane, and even in 3D space 1, 41 , only the most prominent groups of genes can be visualized as genes that are "working together".
6222	While the pathway maps themselves were generated in an automated fashion, the selection of experimental data was not.
6223	Any such selection of genes is referenced to the MEM 46 and g:Profiler 47 web services.
6224	We dissected genitalia of a subset of specimens and confirmed that each mandible shape was characteristic of a particular sex.
6225	Images were managed with Corel PaintShop Pro software.
6226	This can easily be appraised by looking at the area delimited by the inner cutting edge of the mandible and a line drawn between the apical incisor and the proximal tip of the mesal tooth.
6227	This sternite is generally elongated and rounded at its apex, and often bear pits and carena that vary between sexes.
6228	A first look at specimens collected from western Canada showed that the two types of mandible shape were also present, as was the case for the few other specimens collected elsewhere in Quebec.
6229	Initial treatment is radical or partial nephrectomy, which is a most successful intervention.
6230	VEGF-A is a potential factor in the growth of endothelial cells.
6231	VEGF-A plays an important role in binding with the receptors.
6232	It mainly takes part in lymphangiogenesis.
6233	The more the expression of VEGF the worse is the survival and recurrence in many malignancies like RCC.
6234	VEGFR2 appears to mediate almost all of the cellular responses to VEGF.
6235	Many anti-angiogenesis agents were developed to target cell proliferation, growth and induce regression of the existing vessels.
6236	This coordination is lost in tumor tissues stimulated by VEGF, leading to prolific growth of disordered vessels.
6237	It is normal to feel some level of anxiety or stress regarding upcoming exams, papers or presentations.
6238	Alleviating test anxiety will also serve to counteract the diminished access to educational and occupational opportunities that is frequently experienced by test-anxious individuals.
6239	The test-taker and test task traits have effects on each other, and as a consequence, test performance results from these interactions.
6240	The present study was conducted to investigate the relationship between test anxiety and other variables such as: gender, academic achievement, and years of study.
6241	Students were English undergraduates who volunteered to take part in this study.
6242	In the first analysis the researcher's purpose was to test the first null hypothesis "There is no difference between males and females considering the rate of test anxiety".
6243	The results are presented in table 4.
6244	More pressure is placed on females to succeed in school than males.
6245	In the second analysis the results showed that there is a negative relationship between test anxiety and educational achievement.
6246	It means that as test anxiety level increases, educational achievement decreases and vice-versa.
6247	All other fermentation conditions were as described above.
6248	The role of Etv5 in male reproduction has recently been revealed in the gene-targeted mouse model.
6249	However, potential roles for Etv5 in female reproduction are yet to be investigated.
6250	Forty-eight hours later, some PMSG-treated mice were i.p.
6251	Data are presented as fold activation relative to vehicle-treated cells in the pCDNA-transfected group and represented the mean from at least three independent transfection experiments.
6252	To examine whether Etv5 and Etv4 transcripts are translated in mouse ovaries, we performed western blot analysis using ovary lysates obtained from hormone-treated mice.
6253	The result suggests that both Etv4 and Etv5 functions in GCs during folliculogenesis.
6254	These factors include gonadotropins, steroid hormones, growth factors, and cell cycle molecules.
6255	As we have shown herein, Etv5 and Etv4 are expressed primarily in the granulosa and cumulus cells, the counterpart of Sertoli cells in female mice.
6256	That is, under a given area constraint, which micro-architecture types and how many cores for each type should be allocated so that performance of the target workloads is optimized while the resource constraint is met.
6257	In this paper, we propose a design automation method for processors allocation of MPSoCs with single-ISA heterogeneous multi-processor architecture.
6258	The goal of the proposed method is deciding which types of cores, i.e.
6259	As mentioned earlier, since the solution space of our processor allocation problem grows exponentially with the number of cores and tasks of the target workloads, it is very difficult to find the optimal solution in a reasonable time.
6260	In this section, we present the data structures and models that we utilize to represent the software behavior and hardware VOLUME 5, 2017 configuration of the target system.
6261	Detailed description of the two synthesis targets are listed below.
6262	Therefore, as shown in Fig.
6263	The time complexity of the proposed heuristic is discussed in Section III-C.
6264	Therefore, in this step, we greedily group tasks that are on the same path and yield the most shared data on the path.
6265	The node is then included in a new group and set as the current node.
6266	The whole process repeats until all nodes are assigned to groups.
6267	Therefore, replacing this path to a small and low-performance core would hurt system performance the least.
6268	The time complexity of the proposed method is discussed in this section.
6269	The number of vertexes range from 26 to 51.
6270	In this section, we analyze the synthesis results of the proposed processor allocation method.
6271	Then, the method uses weighted Euclidean distance between these two to guide the program scheduling.
6272	For a system that uses the processor configuration derived from the processor allocation method proposed in this paper, all the above scheduling methods discussed above can be utilized in the system.
6273	We proposed the first processor allocation method for MPSoCs with single-ISA heterogeneous multi-core architecture, which is considered to be a promising platform for developing MPSoCs.
6274	The results also showed that, the proposed method synthesized a configuration for a workload with up to 36 tasks and 53 edges within one second.
6275	All phantoms were considered for the validation of the inverse problem solution.
6276	Contrary to a previous study where torsional shear waves were generated by an external oscillating vibrator, 10 the new approach is based on torsional shear waves remotely generated.
6277	How ion channels are able to conduct selectively at rates comparable to free diffusion is still not well understood, despite intensive and ever-growing research.
6278	By taking into account the access resistance to the channel, we are able to observe the saturation of the current at higher concentrations.
6279	The PNP equation inside the channel is solved analytically.
6280	Under these physiologically plausible assumptions we separate the ion motion in the channel from the many-body ion dynamics in the bulk.
6281	Our self-consistent ID solutions of the PNP equations in the bulk and inside the channel allow us to determine the potential and concentration in both the bulk and the channel.
6282	In outlining what we believe are the six key factors driving stigma in this context, we draw interchangeably on the academic literature on stigma and on our own empirical research.
6283	As already stated, levels of HIV are high and PLWHAs have limited access to health and welfare support.
6284	Family members sometimes hid away sick relatives, limiting their access to health care or support.
6285	This was the case not only with lay people, but even some community health workers -who referred to HIV/AIDS as 'this thing', or 'this disease', or more generally as 'sickness'.
6286	Many spoke of the way in which churches actively undermined HIV prevention, with one NGO worker reporting how a church minister threatened any youth attending a life skills meeting -dealing with sexual health issueswith expulsion from his congregation.
6287	In this way the stigmatisation of PLWHAs serves to give others a degree of psychological invulnerability in the face of their daily experiences of AIDS-related suffering and death -in a context where many people continue to have unprotected sex.
6288	Some people had difficulty in acting on HIV/AIDS information because it competed with other important beliefs.
6289	The denial of young girls' sexual rights was mirrored in the lack of respect for adult womens' sexual autonomy, particularly in our rural study.
6290	In our rural area, this problem was particularly acute.
6291	In our rural study community, both the school principal and teachers said that they did not regard HIV-awareness as a high priority because of the conservative nature of the community, steeped in cultural restrictions around sexuality, including practices such as virginity testing.
6292	Our study highlights some of the complex reasons why the provision of factual information about HIV/AIDS is a necessary but not sufficient condition for banishing stigma.
6293	Aided by trained local facilitators, such groups provide contexts in which people can talk openly about taboo topics, often for the first time; identify their own norms and values that are fuelling the epidemic, delve into the deep and sometimes uncomfortable issues relating to sex and death which permeate peoples' responses to the epidemic; and brainstorm the way in which local community networks can be mobilised to create more 'health-enabling' social attitudes and social environments.
6294	The second of these is to work with community members to identify key individual and group strengths available as community resources to tackle HIV/AIDS more effectively.
6295	Such strengths might include the tremendous love and sacrifice involved in helping people with HIV/AIDS in some families.
6296	Facilitating awareness of the causes and consequences of stigma could serve as one useful stepping stone for empowering individuals and local communities to start thinking of ways in which they can contribute towards the challenge of creating nurturing social environments.
6297	We describe the identification, cloning, in vitro expression, and preliminary characterization of the Bacillus cereus E33L ampD gene, encoding a putative N-acetylmuramoyl-L-alanine amidase with very high lytic activity against Bacillus anthracis and other closely related Bacillus isolates.
6298	Flow cytometric data were used to determine the enzyme kinetic properties.
6299	A survey of all the available sequenced bacterial pathogen genomes reveals that all contain one or more genes encoding lytic proteins similar to the B. cereus AmpD protein.
6300	These proteins have been implicated in cell wall metabolism.
6301	Prior to the beginning of ATRA therapy, complete coagulation studies and normal hepatic and renal function tests were required.
6302	When the coagulopathy was still present beyond the 10th day of treatment, ATRA was increased to 90 mg m -2 day -1 po for 5 additional days.
6303	Since all our patients were submitted to the same approach in terms of platelet transfusion and the coagulation abnormalities had been corrected at time of death, we conclude that hyperleukocytosis is probably involved in the etiology of retinoid-induced intracerebral hemorrhage.
6304	That, so far as the substance is concerned, the basis of the relation can only be its chemical properties, using the term in its widest sense.
6305	That the physiological and therapeutic action of the same substance must be similar in kind.
6306	That substances chemically allied should have similar physiological and therapeutic actions, or any diversity found to exist should be capable of explanation on chemical grounds, _ , • • .
6307	It is through their action on the nervous system that the powerful organic poisons destroy life; and in order to understand this action, it is necessary to consider closely the evolution of nerve-force, and to endeavour to realize the chemical conditions implied.
6308	Crum Brown md Dr.
6309	It is of course necessary to bear in mind the peculiarities of the oxida tion yielding nerve-force, the differences between combustion and oxidation in the moist state, and the special modifying conditions of the animal organism.
6310	The converse of this, the liberation of O by a similar process, is not likely to occur, as O is never present in an organic body in excess of the proportion which would fully oxidize the other elementary consti-: tuents.
6311	Probably this chain of facts would be considered conclusive, were it not that the hypothesis as to the mode of death by PI Cy is paralysis of the respiratory movements.
6312	The first is as to the minuteness of the fatal dose.
6313	This paper examined the effectiveness and ecological effects of different oiled marsh "cleanup" treatment methods used in the treatment test area.
6314	Natural recovery involved "no treatment", serving as both an emergency response option frequently used for oiled marshes and as an oiled control, to allow more meaningful evaluation of active treatment methods.
6315	The reference plots represented target conditions for defining recovery in the heavily oiled plots.
6316	Ecological comparisons examined the marsh vegetation, which defines the salt marsh and serves as the foundation species for this habitat.
6317	Additional funding was provided by the NOAA Emergency Response Division, Office of Response and Restoration.
6318	Mechanical treatment involved mechanized grappling to remove oiled wrack and mechanized raking, cutting, and scraping to remove or reduce oiled vegetation mats and oil on the substrate, followed by additional manual treatment and loose natural sorbent application.
6319	No fertilizer was used during planting.
6320	Multiple pre-treatment oiling assessments were conducted across the study area during JuneDecember 2010.
6321	However, each future mechanical plot fell between two existing plots.
6322	We defined p 0.05 as indicating statistical significance.
6323	No protected species were sampled.
6324	Initial heavy oiling in northern Barataria Bay marshes occurred mainly in June 2010.
6325	Oiling conditions were defined as two distinct oiling "zones" across the heavily oiled area.
6326	These results may partly reflect the variable distribution of oil in marsh soils, as well as the limitations of soil grab samples and likely insufficient sampling, making it difficult to detect potential differences among treatments.
6327	Mechanical treatment values in 2012 were similar to those for manual treatment in 2011, both approximately one year post-treatment; therefore, these treatments may be somewhat comparable in terms of vegetation cover, at least through one year.
6328	All the heavily oiled plots showed increases in vegetation cover with time, whether treated or untreated, indicating some initial vegetation recovery in progress; however, untreated values were still quite low more than two years following initial oiling.
6329	The pattern in S. alterniflora cover among plots was similar to total vegetation cover, although S. alterniflora cover values Oiled Salt Marsh Treatment and Recovery were much lower across the heavily oiled plots compared to reference conditions.
6330	In 2011, the main comparison of vegetation composition was between the manual treatment plots and the no treatment plots, since the mechanically treated plots had recently been treated and contained little vegetation.
6331	The no treatment plots also had a more even distribution of species in 2012, including S. patens and increased relative cover of D. spicata; though still with relatively little S. alterniflora.
6332	Overall, through 2012, though still quite different from reference conditions, both the manual and mechanical treatments resulted in vegetation composition more similar to reference conditions compared to no treatment.
6333	In contrast to the reference plots, the heavily oiled plots had low numbers of snails across all sizes and life stages.
6334	Marsh periwinkles are closely associated with the dominant salt marsh vegetation, particularly S. alterniflora.
6335	At the time of sampling in 2011, crab burrow densities in the manual and mechanical treatment plots were similar to reference levels.
6336	We are not aware of any Deepwater Horizon or other oil spill studies that have examined changes in fiddler crab species composition.
6337	Further study is needed concerning fiddler crab impacts and recovery in relation to oiling, shoreline treatment, and planting, including the causes and effects of species composition changes.
6338	These results indicate a clear positive influence of S. alterniflora in slowing erosion in areas with heavy oiling and mechanical treatment.
6339	Also, operational treatments across the wider area of response were not exclusively mechanical; manual treatments alone were also conducted at operational scale in many shoreline treatment areas under the emergency response.
6340	As expected, the NLO 1 vertex corrections cancel the renormalization-scale dependence of the LO result to a great extent.
6341	In our analysis, we consider the following experimental limits.
6342	Since the last two constraints are less directly related to particle experiments, we motivate them in more detail.
6343	The combination of CMB measurements together with other astrophysical data independently require a much larger total for the matter density, Ω m ∼ 0.3, also in agreement with previous independent estimates.
6344	If the LSP is the dominant component of the cold dark matter, the allowed range for its relic density: 0.1 ≤ Ω χ h 2 ≤ 0.3 provides stringent constraints on the sparticle masses and thus on the soft supersymmetry-breaking parameters.
6345	Combining all these calculations, we find no range of m 1/2 for which all these constraints are satisfied.
6346	The separated enzymes were further purified to homogeneity, and obtained in higher overall yields than those obtained previously.
6347	Estrogens, whether or not combined with progestin therapy, can be used orally or topically.
6348	However, this prostaglandin E1 cream has not yet been approved; moreover, some women or their partners dislike the use of topical treatments for intercourse.
6349	These results suggest that many similarities exist between both sexes in response to NO donors and AMP or their combination when these substances are tested on rabbit erectile tissue.
6350	As regards the complexity of the phenomenon involved in female CC relaxation, effective vasoactive agent combinations such as those described in our study should be considered as an interesting approach for the treatment of FSD.
6351	Golash et al.
6352	During our controls, though regressed, we have seen persistence of CT signs.
6353	Generally it encounters us as localized lower quadrant pain with sudden onset.
6354	Generally, normal or slightly elevated leucocyte counts, and CRP levels are found.
6355	For the regional correlation analysis, we also speculated that the FOGQ score would be negatively correlated with FA values, and positively correlated with MD, AD and RD values.
6356	To test how much of the variability in the regional diffusion measures was explained by FOG when other parameters were considered, multiple linear regression analyses were performed on the data extracted from the clusters detected by local correlation analysis.
6357	There was a positive correlation between MD in the PLIC and FOGQ scores.
6358	Therefore, a further study will be required to test if the present finding can be generalized to those population.
6359	We employed a relatively small number of subjects to perform a comprehensive investigation.
6360	To reduce ambiguity regarding the subject selection, we did our best to discriminate FOG and general gait disturbance in the multiple regression analysis, but it would still be difficult to discuss the mechanisms of FOG completely segregated from those of gait disturbance in general.
6361	The crucial facts are that a mild solution of the abstract Cauchy problem is asymptotically almost periodic in the Hille-Yosida space if and only if it is asymptotically almost periodic in X, and the mild solution is vanishing at infinity in the Hille-Yosida space if and only if it is vanishing in X.
6362	Throughout the paper, all operators are linear.
6363	Next, we introduce the Hille-Yosida space for an operator.
6364	The ChIP-chip derived TF binding sites, while not providing the resolution of the ChIP-seq data, are a rich source of binding data.
6365	The prioritization of the contributions, as well as the indicated deviations, reflect the curators' personal perspective.
6366	In addition, any profile based on less than 10 sequences has been discarded.
6367	For Caenorhabditis elegans, no large sources of data are currently available.
6368	The replacement of existing matrices with the new ones led us to the introduction of version numbers in matrix IDs, in a manner equivalent to the management of sequence versions in GenBank.
6369	For example, the old GATA1 profile MA0035 is replaced with a new one, and the full identifier of the new matrix is MA0035.2, while the old one becomes MA0035.1.
6370	We have created the first steps towards a standardized way of including this new data into JASPAR, which is expected to expand significantly with the concomitant increase in the quality of matrix data.
6371	A previously healthy 50-year-old intoxicated man was driving on a road on a May afternoon when he attempted to move a snake off the road with a stick to prevent it from being run over.
6372	The patient was pretreated with 100 mcg of phenylephrine IV to prevent hemodynamic decompensation during RSI.
6373	Envenomation causes localized tissue damage, which may manifest as fang puncture, pain, tissue edema, erythema, ecchymosis, bullae formation, and lymphadenopathy.
6374	It has been hypothesized that depots of unneutralized venom may continue to be released into the circulation after antivenom levels fall causing recurrent coagulopathy.
6375	Again, the clinical significance of recurrent late coagulopathy is unclear.
6376	He did not demonstrate any local or systemic signs or symptoms of venom toxicity, nor did he have any clinically significant hemorrhage or hemodynamic instability secondary to coagulopathy; he remained hemodynamically stable with an intact airway and no worsening of his extremity edema despite his coagulopathy.
6377	Lavonas et al.
6378	Bush et al.
6379	It is uncertain whether any downsides exist for administering FabAV using maintenance dosing; we feel it would be prudent to monitor for thromboembolic events in the setting of coagulopathy.
6380	One of the main culprits causing this difficulty are simulation failures.
6381	Since mesh relaxation decisions can be made at the zonelevel, it seems natural to represent a zone z as a learning instance i, the metrics calculated on z as features X of i, and the failure state of z as the class of i. Given that mesh zones evolve over the course of a simulation, we also need to represent the values of both zone metrics and failure states as they change over time.
6382	Unlike traditional machine learning applications where researchers have assembled databases of labeled data for training and testing, we do not have a database of ALE simulation failures.
6383	Once we encounter a tangled mesh zone, we save its ID in a list of failed zones, rollback the simulation, and re-run.
6384	Our labeling mechanism consists of looping over all zones to check for these negative conditions.
6385	For training data, we also need negative class examples, i.e., non-tangled zones.
6386	For these examples, in theory, we can use all the mesh zones from all the cycles prior to any tangling events.
6387	Thus KULL calculates a relaxation vectorv for each node, which we can scale by its associated Φ value.
6388	As we move away from t f , the distance grows and reaches a plateau during the pre-shock phase of the simulation.
6389	Invasions are a widespread phenomenon in biology and chemistry, for instance, the spread of one animal population into a region occupied by another, the invasion of a wound space by a surrounding cell population, the movement of a reaction front as one chemical is converted to another, etc.
6390	Analysis of this simpler system then gave an approximation to the transition fronts occuring during the die-out, and a measure of the rate of die-out, in terms of model parameters, which can be related back to the parameters in more general oscillatory systems in some cases.
6391	He showed that, if the variation of the diffusion coefficient from its mean is sufficiently large, then trav-eling waves no longer exist, so that a wave front will begin to propagate from given initial conditions, but will then stop advancing-a phenomenon known as quenching.
6392	Although the Turing mechanism for pattern formation has been widely studied, the usual assumption of a uniform domain often does not fit with that used in experiments or in natural pattern forming systems.
6393	Although our analytical results are quite general we use cyclical predator-prey systems as a case study, in order to have a specific application in mind.
6394	Spatially varying parameters in predator-prey systems.
6395	Here we consider the quite different case of small spatial oscillations in parameter values.
6396	The regular oscillations produced do, though, have a slightly noisy modulation of their regular shape.
6397	This die-out to the purely temporal oscillations of the limit cycle still occurs in most cases for the irregular-looking behavior produced from regular wakes on domains with large noise percentages.
6398	However, there is a special case in which the systems are much more amenable to analysis, namely for kinetic parameters close to the Hopf bifurcation, and for equal predator and prey diffusion coefficients.
6399	Again, to confirm that we are not seeing a numerical artifact, we allow noisy variation of the parameters at fewer space points, interpolating for the values at intervening points, or having just one section of the domain with noisy parameters, with the parameters taking their average values on the rest of the domain.
6400	Note that the solution we are looking for is a steady state for r and θ x , but not for θ: u and v continue to oscillate.
6401	Rescaling in the outside region.
6402	Large noise percentages, though, led to the persistence of regular oscillations across the domain-in a series of one or more target patterns.
6403	This enabled us, in certain circumstances, to predict the the amplitude and frequency of the periodic plane-waves which will develop on large domains, given the variation of λ 0 .
6404	The detection of periodic plane-waves in ecological systems obviously requires a detailed analysis of spatiotemporal data.
6405	If the reactants were placed on a thin gel layer, in a reaction vessel that is closed except for a sheet over the top with randomly placed holes to allow oxygen or light to permeate through, then we could expect regular oscillations to be stabilized, in the form of target patterns, whereas they would otherwise have died out.
6406	This study aimed to determine the outcome of interand intra-specific competition on the development rate and survival of An.
6407	Daily light:dark cycles in the incubator were set on a 12:12 h regime cycling from 12 am to 12 pm as in the insectary.
6408	No distinction could be made between the hatch times of the two species when in mixed species treatments as the larvae are morphologically identical.
6409	When both assumptions were met, a parametric two-way fixed-effect ANOVA was conducted to test the effect of constant and fluctuating temperatures on egg hatch rate, survivorship and development rate followed by the post-hoc Tukey HSD test.
6410	The development rates at 25°C and 20-30°C differed between species when reared alone and in mixed species from larvae and from eggs.
6411	Lower survival values were also reported in An.
6412	Oller ͑1973͒ examined onset and coda lengthening and found that generally both lengthen in final syllables.
6413	Overall, the initial syllable of two-syllable words lengthens less than the final syllable, and lengthening is mainly on the final syllable ͑Berkovits, 1993b, 1994͒.
6414	Lengthening is strongest in the final syllable.
6415	Many of the phrasal effects of longer duration, greater magnitudes, and decreased intergestural overlap have been successfully captured by simulations of boundaries, implemented as -gestures, interacting with articulatory gestures within this model ͑Byrd and Saltzman, 2003͒.
6416	This overlap among suprasegmental and constriction gestures is shown in Fig.
6417	Subjects read each utterance 12 times and were instructed to read in a casual conversational style.
6418	For each of the consonants to be analyzed ͑N D D for the preboundary effects, D D N for the postboundary effects, and N D D N for the control condition͒, three timepoints were defined: The onset of the closing movement, the closing movement extremum ͑also initiation of consonant opening movement͒, and the end of the opening movement.
6419	For the other two speakers, these differences do not occur.
6420	One subject ͑D͒ shows a significant effect on early movement intervals, in that C1 closing movement and C1 closing movement time-to-peak-velocity are longer in the test than in the control condition.
6421	For the speaker who had a longer C1 closing movement duration, no spatial effect was observed.
6422	The C1 opening movement shows longer opening movement duration and longer time-to-peakvelocity for two subjects.
6423	All subjects show a shortening in duration and time-to-peak-velocity for the C2 closing movement.
6424	Thus, for the subjects for whom the boundary effect extends further than the boundary-adjacent movement-further leftward than C1 release preboundary, and further rightward than C1 closing postboundary-the effect of the boundary decreases with distance from the phrase edge ͑i.e., for Subject D, preboundary, and for Subjects D and J, postboundary͒.
6425	Rather, it appears that, following the prosodic lengthening, there is an attraction of the constriction gestures back in the direction of the prosodically unmodified or unperturbed timing.
6426	The APP23 mice used in this study were hemizygous for the APP751 transgene and had been backcrossed to C57Bl6/J mice for more than 10 generations.
6427	Mice were allowed 60 seconds to find the escape platform and remained on the platform for 20 s. If a mouse failed to find the platform in 60 seconds, it was placed on the platform for 20 s. Each mouse had four trials per day, separated by 15 minutes, and the trials continued for 7 to 8 consecutive days.
6428	For each experimental group, the time required to find the escape platform for the four trials on each day were averaged to provide mean escape latency.
6429	All data are presented as mean ±SEM.
6430	These findings indicate that the -463G/A polymorphism or other sequence difference results in selective expression of the human MPO-G allele in APP23 brain.
6431	Confocal fluorescence microscopy of human AD tissue showed that MPO colocalizes with Aβ.
6432	MPOG is expressed in astrocytes in APP23 mouse brain.
6433	GFAP was predominantly localized to thick projections off the cell body, while punctate MPO immunostaining was present throughout the cell body and in finer ramifications.
6434	The unexpected finding of MPO in astrocytes in the MPOG-APP23 mouse model led us to investigate whether astrocytes express MPO in human AD brain tissue.
6435	Overall, these oxidative lipidomics findings provide the first evidence for the similarity of MPO catalyzed selective oxidation of phosphatidylserine and phosphatidylinositol in the MPOG-APP23 mouse model with that occurring in human AD brain.
6436	Astrocytes are the major producer of apoE and cholesterol in nervous tissue, and as shown here, a producer of MPO in APP23 and AD brain.
6437	It was surprising to find robust expression of huMPO in astrocytes in MPOG-APP23 brain as well as human AD tissue.
6438	As evidence that the Alu sites are important in this regard, the MPOA transgene with the -463A base change in the Alu was completely inactive in MPOA-APP23 brain.
6439	This finding suggests that the -463G/A site is key to binding of transcription regulators that allow expression of the MPOG transgene while disallowing MPOA expression.
6440	Analgesics are the drugs of first choice for migraines of mild or moderate severity.
6441	A larger study was needed to confirm this.
6442	Most of the trials used the conventional formulation of propranolol.
6443	A Class II trial assessed the efficacy of venlafaxine versus amitriptyline.
6444	This review casts doubts on the importance of accurate needle placement of specific body points during acupuncture.
6445	This amount of F results in serum levels similar to humans ingesting 2-5 ppm F in drinking water.
6446	The initial event at the cervical loop region is the formation of relatively short columnar preameloblasts that eventually differentiate into highly elongated secretory cells responsible for the deposition of provisionally mineralized enamel.
6447	Predentin thickness in S rats was not visibly affected by F. The F-induced changes in the incisors of the S rats were in general mild compared with those changes seen in the Nx rats.
6448	Subameloblastic cystic lesions were not observed in the S or Nx animals.
6449	Many of these studies did not report an encouraging extension in life expectancy with screening colonoscopy in the very elderly.
6450	As such, the epigenetic patterns regulating imprinted genes may function to adapt gene expression patterns in response to the perceived in utero environmental conditions.
6451	The target population and methods for participant identification and enrollment are similar to those described in detail previously.
6452	Specimens were stored at -80°C until the time of analysis.
6453	Pearson's chi-squared tests were performed to compare the distribution of demographic and obstetric descriptors among women with high stress and no stress during pregnancy.
6454	All non-binary variables were added to multivariable logistic regression models using indicator variables.
6455	T-tests were used to compare infant DNA methylation differences at DMRs by high and low stresses.
6456	We repeated these analyses in DMRs where significant differences were noted, restricted by sex to explore whether these associations varied by sex.
6457	We examined the association between maternal stress during pregnancy and PTB to determine whether certain imprint regulatory regions played a role in this association.
6458	We found maternal stress during pregnancy was not a risk predictor for PTB, after adjustment for maternal BMI, household income, and raised blood pressure.
6459	DMR, differentially methylated region; PSS10, Perceived Stress Scale; PTB, preterm birth; BMI, body mass index; LMP, last menstrual period; NEST, Newborn Epigenetics STudy; IQR, interquartile range; C-section, cesarean section.
6460	The endometrial tissues from the U.K.
6461	Both breast tissue samples were histologically normal.
6462	We used two different protocols to digest and 32 P-postlabel each DNA sample.
6463	Method B was based on procedures described by Shibutani et al.
6464	In response to reduced F212 growth in cell culture, as described below, the amount of F212 was increased, to ensure that the absorbance of F212 would be similar to that of the other viruses during the final step of the assay.
6465	The neutralized viral solutions were inoculated onto HEp-2 cells in triplicate wells in a 96-well plate for 1 h at 37ЊC.
6466	The cotton rats, under ketamine/xylazine anesthesia, were inoculated intranasally with 100 mL of RSV suspension containing pfu of either A2, 5 5 ϫ 10 MS412, or F212.
6467	Federal and local guidelines for animal experimentation were followed in the conduct of the present study.
6468	Neutralization of parental A2 and mutant viruses.
6469	Immunoblot reactivity.
6470	The selection and characterization of additional in vitro-derived PZ-resistant RSV mutants has broadened the description of the mutations associated with RSV resistance to PZ and has shown differences in the growth phenotypes of the mutant viruses.
6471	Cotton rats that are administered intravenously 2.5 mg/kg PZ have PZ serum concentrations of ∼30 mg/mL.
6472	It appears likely that F protein aa 272 Lys is critical for interactions with PZ.
6473	Thus, there is precedence for the development of resistance to immunization in humans.
6474	In the last decades, neural correlates involved in the perception of interactions have been much researched in adults.
6475	One possibility is that areas responsive to social stimuli are elicited when infants observe these types of animated displays, much like in adults.
6476	The processing of social information in infants, on the other hand, has been measured by the N290 and the P400 component, from now referred to as a N290/P400 complex.
6477	The primary goal of the current two studies was to examine the neural correlates of chasing in infants by tapping the N290/P400 complex and the Nc component.
6478	The acceleration and the eventual deceleration of the target occurred 4 times in 10 s trial duration.
6479	A specific 4-note high-pitched sound accompanied the chasing animation and it corresponded to the increasing proximity of the chaser to its target.
6480	Segments were then re-referenced to average reference and all trials were baseline corrected with the average amplitude between 0 and 300 ms prior to appearance of the image.
6481	Rather, the present findings are compatible with the idea that it is the social nature of the chasing interaction that drives the distinction.
6482	While in the chasing interaction the chasing agent moved in a goal-directed way toward the target, as the target moved away in response, in the random motion both objects moved in no relation to each other.
6483	The sound was the same as the one used in chasing motion but with a lower pitch.
6484	The primary purpose of the present studies was to test two theoretical perspectives on animacy perception in infancy.
6485	This highlights that animacy alone may not fully explain the effect but rather the socialness of the chasing event that drives the effect.
6486	A potential confound in the present study has to do with the auditory differences between the conditions.
6487	In conclusion, the present findings demonstrate for the first time that neural components responsible for the chasing perception is different from inanimate and random motion processing.
6488	Rectal swabs were transported to the CPHRL, assigned a unique laboratory reference number prior to microbiological analysis.
6489	All reagents used were also tested with controls and results recorded for every batch of tests performed.
6490	Data were recorded on quality controlled laboratory books and electronic databases.
6491	Four presumptive V. cholerae O1 colonies were isolated from different samples.
6492	Quality systems at CPHRL have been put in place and will continue to improve according to ISO 15189 guidelines with a view to gaining accreditation.
6493	Following Phase 2, training staff were able to differentiate between weak and strong agglutination reactions.
6494	Sierra Leone has diarrhoeal surveillance, but with the exception of V. cholerae, is not pathogen specific.
6495	The inconsistent power supply also prevented clinical samples and laboratory tests from being incubated at the optimal temperature for bacterial growth, which had adverse consequences on the isolation and identification of enteric bacteria.
6496	We briefly review the main concepts related to Boolean network models.
6497	To assure that Z reflects whether the system was preinduced, Z needs to receive input from Y .
6498	As long as the dependency graph of a Boolean model can be reduced to Fig.
6499	In the next two sections we apply the above methods to two well-studied examples of gene regulatory networks, for which there exist delay differential equations models.
6500	All its parameters were estimated from the biological literature and the equations were numerically solved for their steady states.
6501	This is exactly what we expect from the solution of the delay differential equation: under a medium concentration of external inducer, the steady state depends on whether the cell was preinduced or not.
6502	Therefore delay caused by transcription is neglected in the model.
6503	For a high degradation rate, no cI monomers are left after 1 timestep.
6504	We assume, that a small concentration of monomers is generated also if the Boolean expression that generates cI is zero.
6505	The examples show that simple Boolean models are able to capture steady states and complicated dynamics like hysteresis.
6506	We find that there exists a class of transformation matrices between the two vector operators and they can be used to solve many problems.
6507	Our paper will improve Qian Jiling's formula by the help of these transformation matrices.
6508	These are good works about the observability and detectability of discrete-time stochastic linear systems.
6509	Remark 13.
6510	It is easy to get the result by mathematical induction, so we will omit the details.
6511	Lemma 18.
6512	Without the transformation matrices, it is very difficult to obtain these results.
6513	We define b t and bb as the thicknesses of the top' and bottom thermal layers respectively.
6514	Follow-up visits were scheduled every 2 to 4 weeks for INR monitoring.
6515	Outcomes.
6516	The rates of hemorrhage in patients Ͻ80 and Ն80 years are reported in Table 2 .
6517	In the Hylek et al.
6518	Thus, the cohort of patients with low in-trial DBP are most likely to be older and have diabetes and more likely to have coronary heart disease and a higher SBP and pulse pressure.
6519	With regard to the latter, in patients with ISH, the fall in SBP will greatly exceed the fall in DBP.
6520	Crucially, with individual patient data, they also conducted a matched pair analysis to match patients for their baseline BP and other characteristics, and then compared active treatment with placebo.
6521	Lesions were pre-dilated to test lesion compliance, and stents were deployed to achieve a slight negative residual compared to the distal reference vessel.
6522	Before intervention, all patients were started on a regimen of aspirin 81 mg, clopidogrel 75 mg daily, or ticlopidine 250 mg bid.
6523	All time-to-event analyses were performed on a patient level with the outcome of the first leg treated unless otherwise specified.
6524	The mean length of hospital stay was 1.2 days.
6525	Cumulative incidence of amputation curves stratified by Rutherford category is seen in Figure 4B .
6526	However, comparing the BASIL study to the PaRADISE study is problematic because of differences in study design and data reportage.
6527	Although assessing stent patency was not our primary focus, the data suggest that longterm patency was maintained in the overwhelming majority of patients.
6528	The limitations of balloon PTA for BTK CLI are well documented.
6529	Siablis et al.
6530	Although not ideal, the TASC II study and BASIL study data are reasonable "first pass" comparators to benchmark the outcomes of contemporary CLI therapies.
6531	From a technical standpoint, the greatest interventional limitation was not sustaining tibial patency but, rather, accessing the tibial vessels in the face of chronically occluded femoral-popliteal arteries.
6532	Based on the accumulating evidence, we propose industry-sponsored trials to reaffirm these findings and evaluate the health care economic impact of a DES-centered paradigm for treating CLI.
6533	In short, cells were rinsed with PBS and harvested following the addition of 250 ml of the lysis buffer per well by scraping with a rubber policeman.
6534	Anti-androgens, however, did not suppress the cell growth in normal prostate cells.
6535	Walton et al.
6536	Concerning the effect of hormones on proliferation of human normal prostate cells, there have been several reports showing variable results.
6537	The patient was diagnosed as BPH and treated with TUR-P with the histopathology showing an ER expression and a strong AR expression.
6538	The possible use of SERMs for treating BPH may be of further study.
6539	In conclusion, endogenous estrogen receptors were functional in normal human prostate stromal cells, and their activities were reduced by toremifene accompanied by suppression in cell growth.
6540	Although many errors of commission are obvious, errors of omission may be less visible.
6541	Conclusions: A mandatory verbal review of a checklist covering a wide range of objectives and goals at each patient's bedside is an effective method to improve both consideration and implementation of intensive care unit best practices.
6542	The checklist was initially designed based on a perception that many of the SICU-specific protocols or guidelines, which had been developed internally, were not being universally implemented.
6543	This was based on familiarity with these protocols and guidelines as well as their ready availability at every patient's bedside.
6544	If a patient was on DVT prophylaxis and this was verbally mentioned, this also would count as consideration.
6545	A follow-up audit performed 2 mos post intervention, using the identical methodology and without the knowledge of the medical team, assessed the impact of mandatory verbal review of the entire checklist.
6546	The study was approved by the Washington University Human Research Protections Office, and informed consent was waived.
6547	After mandatory verbal review of the checklist, verbal consideration improved in the following domains: DVT prophylaxis, stress ulcer prophylaxis, oral care for ventilated patients, electrolyte repletion, utilization of physical therapy, and documentation of restraint orders.
6548	Errors of omission, however, tend to be insidious.
6549	Whereas defining "best practice" in the ICU is difficult, ensuring implementation of these practices may be even more difficult.
6550	This is because translating "best practices" to the bedside can only be successful if these practices are clearly enumerated, considered on a routine basis, easily executable, and verifiable.
6551	Because there are numerous protocols and objectives in the ICU setting, a single issue reminder can have obvious utility in a targeted fashion but multiple reminders are needed to address a range of errors of omission.
6552	However, many order sets are used predominantly on admission and cannot incorporate the judgment of a bedside clinician as to whether an intervention will be necessary in the future.
6553	Although the vast majority of the checklist has remained unchanged over the last 2 1 ⁄2 yrs, the fact that we revise it intermittently indicates that we believe constant attention needs to be paid to not only performing this on a daily basis but also ensuring the appropriate domains are evaluated long term.
6554	The goal is to prevent "clutter" that would distract the presenting physician from key clinical issues but simultaneously to assure the checklist is performed as a safety net.
6555	Also in a number of other engineering and industrial applications such as, air-cooled solar collectors, laser curtain seals, labyrinth shaft seals, compact heat exchangers, and microelectronics, air is preferred as a coolant for its lightweight.
6556	Multiple jets get deflected in the presence of cross flow developed by upstream spentjets.
6557	Therefore, the flow disturbance created by baffles may be localized, but more intense.
6558	In the past, experimental results were published with baffle plates perpendicular to the flow direction.
6559	A total of three baffles, two perforated baffles and one solid are used.
6560	The summary of these baffles dimensions is presented in Fig.
6561	The physical model used in this study is shown in Figure 2 , where two-dimensional incompressible turbulent flow is considered.
6562	It may be expected to be an effect of a recirculation zone generated behind the baffle.
6563	This is due to the flow leakages which pass through the holes in the second baffle in the form of jets which impinge the lower wall and hence causes an increase of pressure on the surface Figure 7 indicates the relation between the pressure recovery coefficient and the dimensionless downstream distance x/H at bottom wall of the channel with the presence of two installed inclined perforated baffles with 5'-inclination angle.
6564	This plot reveals that the value of pressure coefficient increases upstream of the second baffle.
6565	The pressure increases in case of channel with baffles one perforated baffle on the upper wall and the second baffle on the bottom wall.
6566	This is because the second solid baffle does not allow any flow jets and it deflects the entire flow toward the upper wall.
6567	These applications include heat exchangers, nuclear reactors, cooling of electronic systems and thermal environmental control of dwelling.
6568	In most of real applications there is imposed flow in addition to the buoyancy effect.
6569	Therefore the effect of the forced and natural convection on the fluid flow and heat transfer characteristics must be studied at the same time, and this is called the Mixed Convection.
6570	In Such case, it is called Aiding Mixed Convection.
6571	Greek symbols AR wall.
6572	What will cinema be in the drone age?
6573	There's new technology hovering on the horizon and it's making a dramatic ascendancy.
6574	They allow us to explore a scene while discovering the unseen.
6575	The introduction of these exciting new tools enable us to redefine contemporary imagery by giving individuals the opportunity to appreciate the breadth and scale of their world.
6576	Because the country was under the threat of populist politics, indifference and ignorance, they were anxious and determined to document every possible culturalhistorical site audio-visually.
6577	They shared a common history and literature.
6578	Their general understanding and interpretation of culture, aesthetic values and political attitude, and the way they express themselves, draw upon the same sources.
6579	This brought an entire new dimension to the portrayal of reality; Turkish documentary cinema was transitioning from still to moving and flying cameras.
6580	Due to military restrictions, the documentary film is not available for public viewing.
6581	During those years high budget documentaries and even some mid-budget documentaries had the luxury of capturing aerial shots from helicopters.
6582	Constantly developing, with continual improvements in visual and sound recording, it not only made shooting and recording equipment smaller, it made them more democratic.
6583	In February 2009, all fish were tagged intraperitoneally with Trovan ® Passive Transponder tags.
6584	As the experiment progressed, the groups being exposed to continuous light for a limited period during winter were transferred from the LD16:8 tanks to the LD24:0 tanks for the given period and back again to their original tank when the exposure period had ended.
6585	Five traditional non-linear measures were also taken into consideration to characterize the properties of HRV.
6586	Therefore, the multiscale method showed the phenomenon of heart rhythm decomplexification in ESRD patients, which contradicting the result obtained using the traditional ApEn algorithms.
6587	In addition, we observed no significant correlations of clinical risk factors with these HRV measures.
6588	This evidence showed the potential relationship between risk stratification, especially mortality and decomplexification of heart rate dynamics in patients with critical illnesses.
6589	Our results indicated that not only cardiac autonomic function but heart rhythm complexity were impaired in hemodialysis ESRD patients.
6590	There are three limitations to our study.
6591	The PCR program used to yield dsDNA was 95°C for 5 min, then 94°C for 30 s, 10 cycles of 68°C for 45 s, 68°C for 60 s, 94°C for 30 s, followed by 45 cycles of 60°C for 45 s and 68°C for 90 s; finally a 10 min extension step at 68°C was performed.
6592	Larvae were cut at the pseudopods and 20 µL hemolymph could be collected from single animal.
6593	When adult females were injected with various amounts of AS type A dsRNA, the oviposition rate was clearly reduced, but no JH titers had been measured in these animals.
6594	Park et al.
6595	It can be chewed alone, but the usual practice is to wrap small slices or pieces of the nut in a leaf of betel pepper, to which lime is added.
6596	Because rural household incomes depend mainly on agriculture, landholding determines the household economy.
6597	The present study was undertaken to explore the indigenous knowledge of farmers, highlighting their traditional management, utilization patterns and socioeconomic contributions to rural Bangladesh.
6598	Most of the palm trees were located along roadsides, ponds and canal banks, ails and/or generally scattered around the homegarden.
6599	Betel nut was located along pond banks, roadsides and around the home.
6600	However, there are now very few Gachhis and their work, especially the collection of sap from the wild date palms and palmyra palms or cleaning epiphytes from coconut palms, is now done by any rural dweller who has gained the skill.
6601	Betel nut palms mature at 5 to 7 years old and palmyra palms at 7 to 8 years old.
6602	Middlemen typically conceal their selling and market prices, making it difficult for farmers to set an appropriate price for their product.
6603	Therefore it is unlikely to influence the within-plot earthworm distribution.
6604	The SADIE approach has proven very helpful in this study by allowing a proper and meaningful way of describing clusters of earthworm counts.
6605	The protests of 2001 and the movements that it created would eventually bring down three successive presidents, Fernando de la Rúa of Unión Cívica Radical and Adolfo Rodríguez Saá and Fernando Duhalde of the traditionally Peronist Partido Justicialista.
6606	In Ecuador, Bolivia, and Venezuela, the reconstitution of the state passed through the long process of establishing constituent assemblies and the ratification through popular referenda of new national and plurinational constitutions.
6607	Rather, beyond these specific issues, I would like to emphasize an even more troubling situation: that the arrival of these counterhegemonic parties and projects in national office has effectively functioned to dissipate the very organizational autonomy and emancipatory impulses that made the rupture with orthodox neoliberalism possible.
6608	For example, it is now widely noted that the construction and deployment of antipoverty programs throughout the region have had a dangerously depoliticizing effect in that the same dominated and exploited subjects who recently brought the traditional elites to their knees are today presented as "the poor," mere objects of government assistance rather than the creative and innovative subjects of this new situation.29 Furthermore, the level of social control afforded by the handouts from social programs has not been lost on those opposed to the movements.
6609	This effectively ends the long cycle of struggle detailed above and tendentially undercuts the base on which these progressive governments were built.
6610	It is difficult not to conclude that on this account the movements did in fact "succeed," as they simultaneously diminished the potential for repressive solutions and forced open a space for counterhegemonic projects and marginalized populations to access the levers of state power.
6611	Yet, almost at the very moment that the consolidation of the progressive governments and the deactivation of larger sectors of the social movements made evident the end of the cycle that spanned 1989 to approximately 2006, a series of events have taken place that seem to place us on the edge of yet another cycle.
6612	This conceptual reformulation of politics parallels the experiences of the various organizations and movements that were so central in the last two decades.
6613	In essence, they would provide a constant feedback loop that would run between constituent power and constituted power, between the cycles of struggles of the movements and the structures and functions of the state.
6614	It is rather a central location for the production of the subjects of interest without which "the market" and capital would be inoperable.
6615	The problem posed here by the Zapatistas is echoed and forcefully summarized by Arif Dirlik: "Hegemony is hegemony whether it is revolutionary or not, and the goal of liberation is to abolish hegemony, not to perpetuate it.
6616	These students can distinguish the information according to the specific instructions given in the known situations and perform routine procedures.
6617	The case study can be used in different ways in different disciplines.
6618	The semi-structured interview form developed by the researchers was used to collect qualitative data.
6619	Before starting the interview, it was stated that the names of the students would not be mentioned in the research and that the interviews were not related to their lesson status and that their answers would remain confidential.
6620	The texts were read with line by line reading technique and analyzed by content analysis.
6621	The opinions of two experts were taken during determining the limits of the research topic and preparation of the semi-structured interview form.
6622	The code, sub-themes and themes organized by the researcher are presented without changing the data.
6623	Therefore, it is thought that codes of reading the notebook, reading the mathematics book, copying the notebook one by one, learning by heart will be covered by superficial strategies.
6624	I used to read my Mathematics notebook.
6625	I read my notebook.
6626	S4: I read my notebook for the exam.
6627	I solve them, and after that my father checks my answer.
6628	S6: I read it thoroughly.
6629	S1: I read my mathematics notebook.
6630	S7: When I go home, I revise the subject we learned in class.
6631	Sometimes successful and unsuccessful people are grouped together.
6632	I want to group with good people.
6633	We need to do it as a group.
6634	Being with my friends feels good.
6635	When it's like that, group work isn't good.
6636	I mean together.
6637	S2: I think it is a good thing.
6638	But generally, when a class is idle, I solve questions from the book.
6639	The teacher needs to make us do entertaining activities at the end of the subjects.
6640	He/she needs to understand whether we understand it or not because sometimes we can't say it.
6641	S3: Mathematics teacher is a good person for me.
6642	S6: Mathematics teacher is valuable for me.
6643	S7: Mathematics teacher thinks good of me.
6644	In other words, students both want to work together and feel discomfort from each other.
6645	In this study conducted with the 5th-grade students of the secondary school, engagement in mathematics course was grouped under three themes: cognitive, social and emotional.
6646	From this point of view, three themes are closely related.
6647	Differences in TLUS or symptoms of enteric illness in the diet intervention groups were compared by the Mann-Whitney U test.
6648	Review of the daily logs determined that adherence to the diet in each group was excellent and that those assigned to the unrestricted diet ate a wide variety of foods during the observation period.
6649	In sharp contrast, ISIS's chief, Ibrahim ibn Awwad Ibrahim Ali al-Badri alSamarrai, better known under his nom de guerre, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, anointed himself the new caliph, or supreme ruler of Muslims worldwide, thus challenging Omar's claim to the same title.
6650	ISIS marks a new peril to the regional security order at a time of fi erce social and po liti cal strug gle within Arab societies and creeping sectarianism fueled mainly by the geostrategic rivalry between Shia-dominated Iran and Sunni-dominated Saudi Arabia.
6651	Despite this tactical shift in ISIS's modus operandi in attacking Western targets, Riyadh, Baghdad, and Damascus are ISIS's immediate strategic targets, not Rome, Paris, London, and Washington.
6652	In a way, ISIS turned the tables on Al Qaeda Central, laying claim to the leadership of the global jihadist movement.
6653	Nonetheless, it would be foolish to lose sight of ISIS's core strategy of statehood in the Levant, a factor that continues to aff ect the group's activities and actions.
6654	The US-led invasion and occupation of Iraq in 2003, combined with the subsequent social turmoil and prolonged and costly armed re sis tance, led to the dismantling of state institutions and the establishment of a po liti cal system based on muhasasa, or the distribution of the spoils of power along communal, ethnic, and tribal lines.
6655	Separate sectarian identities do not and cannot represent a viable alternative for a new Iraq.
6656	On balance and for their own separate reasons, the Shias and Kurds felt that the supra-state identity endorsed by the Iraqi regime favored Sunni Arabs at their own expense.
6657	In a sense, ISIS internalized the brutal tactics of the Baathist regime and Iraq's blood-drenched modern history.
6658	Although objective material conditions in Iraq and Syria fueled ISIS's emergence, its ideology appealed to radicalized religious activists and a small segment of young men and women worldwide; these volunteers and recruits want to be part of the resurrection of the caliphate-a romantic, utopian metanarrative that has increasing allure in a broken Middle East dominated by repressive, illegitimate, minority-based regimes.
6659	Although Sunnis have protested the discrimination they face for some time, their protests fell on deaf ears in Baghdad and Washington.
6660	Social and ideological cleavages weakened Iraq, thus enabling Baghdadi and his planners to infi ltrate the country's fragile body politic.
6661	The group greatly benefi ted from abuses and violations of Sunnis by Shia militias in Iraq and Syria as well as a widespread perception among Sunnis that airstrikes by the United States and its allies unjustly target their coreligionists while turning a blind eye to Shia radicals.
6662	It developed a distinct panSunni sectarian identity, a deliberate contrast to the pan-Shia identity represented by the sectarian-dominated, Iran-backed regimes in Damascus and Baghdad.
6663	Following its takeover of impor tant Syrian cities in 2014, ISIS dissolved the international border that separated the two countries.
6664	In August 2011, Brazilian health authorities had already recorded 616,593 cases of dengue, including 2,753 DHF cases and 398 deaths.
6665	Subjects and data collection -The study population was selected during 2002-2008 and was formed by outpatients and inpatients with dengue infection at IPEC/ FIOCRUZ, as well as inpatients at the hospital of BPHS.
6666	However, none of these patients reported a previous dengue infection history during the inclusion interview.
6667	The least reported symptoms were chills, ascites, elevated liver transaminases and central nervous system alteration.
6668	Regarding the gender distribution of DHF, several studies demonstrated discrepant rates in males and females.
6669	Our findings demonstrated a female predominance, but it was not statistically significant.
6670	These proteins have highly distinctive visible and EPR spectra and a low-symmetry metal site.
6671	We have undertaken the present study to explore this question.
6672	The most poorly defined residues are identified by their high B factors and are the same in both molecules.
6673	Five nuclear reactors were constructed in the 1950s to produce nuclear materials for national defense, primarily tritium and plutonium-239.
6674	Supporting facilities included two chemical separations plants, a heavy water extraction plant, a nuclear fuel and target fabrication facility, a tritium extraction facility, and waste management facilities.
6675	In most cases, no further analysis is required.
6676	In the case of a library management system, for instance, the process of borrowing a book change the state of the system, associating a user and a book with a loan.
6677	By the same reasoning, in the case of a financial IT system, a process devoted to money transferring modifies the records related to the accounts involved.
6678	Finally, in Section 7, concluding remarks and future prospects are outlined.
6679	Just like the development of any other product, many methodologies, tools, and principles for software development have been created over the years, aiming at cost reduction, quality improvement, and increasing productivity.
6680	When a product is under development, the sequence of steps from conception to the final product should be carefully conceived, focusing on high levels of productivity and quality, as long as low levels of cost and risk.
6681	In the earlier stages of a project, it is common that even customers or the product managers do not know every specific detail of the project.
6682	Neural networks, k-nearest neighbor, and genetic programming were employed to map the relationship between those attributes and the necessary effort.
6683	However, the task of transforming ideas, architecture designs, and processes into algorithms are predominantly being made by human programmers.
6684	However, even with the extensive list of applications of GP, the usage of this approach on the IT environment is narrow and practically devoted exclusively to SBSE and KDD.
6685	Regarding this architectural approach, the LGPDB programs implement the layers, controller, and model.
6686	In the induction process, programs compete with each other to solve the Advances in Software Engineering 5 problem.
6687	Delete all records in tb with the same id of the records in rs.
6688	Each type of parameter has a specific purpose.
6689	There are different program structures that might be used for GP programs such as tree, graph, and linear array.
6690	Therefore, LGPDB programs can be interpreted by human programmers easily.
6691	However, since LGPDB programs are generated automatically, the expressiveness of the language affects the size of the search space of solutions.
6692	Using this strategy, programs evolve along the generations until possibly reaching the desired solution.
6693	A selection strategy is necessary to implement the concept of survival of the fittest, so that individuals with the better fitness have a higher probability of being selected.
6694	For querying, it is provided a set of examples E containing input information and the expected result.
6695	Therefore, in order to determine a distance for two database states with inserted or updated records, it is necessary to compare them in the level of attributes.
6696	Given an individual, the reproduction operator generates x new individuals with the same genome.
6697	If the problem has not yet been solved by any individual in the population at the current generation or the maximum number of generations has not been achieved, the genetic operators are employed to generate a new population of individuals from the selected individuals and the process proceeds to the evaluation step.
6698	Finally, having defined and configured the database, the next step was the definition of which features have to be provided by the system, listed in Table 2 .
6699	The input is the name of an author and the outcome is the deletion of books and papers.
6700	Nevertheless, for practical applications, multiple executions, characterized by a distinct set of randomly initialized individuals at the first generation, can be made until the convergence to the correct solution is reached.
6701	On the other hand, the results highlight some limitations of LGPDB.
6702	The next section describes initial efforts to overcome these limitations.
6703	Beside the addition of new instructions, another improvement allows the induction of more complex processes, involving more tables and different operations.
6704	The first update adds the value 500 to the balance of the account 999-2, 111-2.
6705	The final program that models the entire process is the concatenation of four LGPDB subprograms, induced separately, as shown in Algorithm 1.
6706	In order to list users who borrowed a book, for instance, it is necessary to relate tables user and bookLoan, thus filtering any user not associated with a loan.
6707	The experiments performed and reported in this paper indicate that genetic programming can be used to generate programs for record querying, deletion, insertion, and updating.
6708	This result improves our understanding of the contact physics and provides further evidence of the need for highforce contacts in improving switch power handling capability.
6709	The vacuum pump was fitted with a foreline trap to prevent the contamination of the chamber with hydrocarbons.
6710	Hence, high contact force not only reduces contact resistance, it also enhances the reduction of resistance during softening and reduces the maximum supertemperature in the contact.
6711	Further, it illustrates the need for larger contact force.
6712	Design and fabrication of new switches with higher contact force is underway.
6713	The techniques demonstrated here are also being applied to the understanding of how contact resistance changes as the switch cycles.
6714	FIDs were weighted by an exponential function with a 0.3-Hz line broadening factor prior to Fourier transformation.
6715	The OPLS-DA coefficient loading plot shows a significant difference in the metabolite levels between the two groups.
6716	As shown in Figure 3 , were calculated to assess the significance of the differences and were substantially high in plasma, indicating that the disease model of CKD was well established.
6717	An OPLS-DA coefficient plot, coded by color, was constructed to investigate the underlying variables contributing to the differentiation between the two groups.
6718	The metabolite profiles of plasma from rats with CKD showed significantly increased levels of organic acids, including citrate, b-hydroxybutyrate, lactate, acetate, acetoacetate, and formate, accompanied by increased alanine and glutamine levels.
6719	Since metabolites can be regulated via a number of metabolic pathways, investigation of the whole feature of metabolites rather than several selected metabolites enables us to understand the underlying pathophysiological status of CKD more comprehen- Figure 6 .
6720	In this point, the current study differs from the previous reports and provides the significance of the observations.
6721	In recent years, proteins involved in the regulation and execution of melanoma apoptosis have been identified and provided insights into the molecular basis for melanoma resistance.
6722	Thus, alternative mechanisms for targeting integrin function are needed.
6723	To confirm these observations, we carefully counted the number of cell-matrix adhesions.
6724	To this end, we assessed the percentage of M21 cells stably expressing GFP or a fusion of GFP and VAP that stained positive for active β1 integrins on the cell surface using antibodies that recognize the active conformation.
6725	We wanted to ensure that the effects of GFP-VAP on the M21 melanomas were not limited to this cell type or an artifact of expression.
6726	As an independent measure of apoptosis, we examined the extent of caspase-9 cleavage.
6727	Hence elevations in p53 expression are required for VAP to induce apoptosis.
6728	The failure of VAP to localize to focal adhesions in the absence of vinculin supports the idea that vinculin is required for VAP's effects on cell adhesion.
6729	We consistently observed this effect, and believe that it may be a consequence of the fact that the clonogenic growth assays measure growth after 8-10 days, whereas growth in vivo is measured over a much longer time frame, i.e.
6730	Secondly, if VAP were to target the inactive cytoplasmic vinculin fraction, we would expect to see intense cytoplasmic staining of GFP-VAP or vinculin.
6731	M21 cells stably expressing GFP-VAP were sorted to identify a cell line expressing higher expression levels of GFP-VAP.
6732	For these studies, high expressing cells were isolated using fluorescence activated cell sorting on the Beckton Dickinson FACS DiVa flow cytometer housed in the University of Iowa Flow Cytometry Facility.
6733	Each plate was scanned using a Canon CanoScan 5600F.
6734	The numbers of adherent cells from ten representative fields of view from three independent experiments were counted and expressed as a percentage of total cells ± the standard error of the mean.
6735	The graph below the blots depicts the levels of p53 normalized for the total protein levels ± standard error of the mean for at least three independent experiments.
6736	All of the samples were prepared and analyzed in the same experiment; the white line indicates where the western blot was cut to remove some irrelevant lanes.
6737	Cisplatin resistance in Tca/cisplatin, a variant cell line derived from Tca8113, was developed by exposure to cisplatin for 24 months, starting at 1 μM and ending at 10 μM.
6738	Fold changes were calculated by comparing transcripts between the sensitive and the acquired-drug-resistant cell lines.
6739	To quantify changes in gene expression, the ΔΔCt method was used to calculate the relative fold changes, normalized against glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase.
6740	The specimens were minced with scissors and passed through a 200 pores/cm 2 steel mesh to prepare tumor cell suspensions.
6741	Immunohistochemical staining was performed on formalin-fixed, paraffinembedded, 4 μm-thick tissue sections using the standard SP method.
6742	Our results support the hypothesis that multiple specific genes contribute to the development of cisplatin resistance in squamous cell carcinoma.
6743	In part, this specificity must reflect the different patterns of expression of receptors and responsive pathways in different cell types.
6744	NT-3 was generously provided by Dr.
6745	NT-3 Binding-The expression levels of the chimeras in 3T3-L1 cells were analyzed by radioligand binding assay.
6746	Following differentiation into adipocytes, clones were rescreened by Western blotting of extracts with anti-phosphotyrosine antibodies after stimulation with NT-3 or insulin.
6747	The differences were not a consequence of unequal or excessive expression of the respective chimeras, as if anything, the TIGR was expressed at a slightly higher level than TIR in the differentiated adipocytes, and the level of expression of both chimeras was of the same order as that of endogenous insulin receptors.
6748	The R/C bar was calibrated ±100 mm from 0.
6749	The depth to target was verified and a depth stop applied to the proximal portion of the biopsy needle.
6750	The side-cutting port was then closed and the needle withdrawn.
6751	Multiple specimens were typically collected by rotating the biopsy needle aperture in different directions, or alternatively by varying the target depth slightly.
6752	Nineteen lesions were described as well marginated, and the remaining seven poorly demarcated from the surrounding neuropil.
6753	In the 26 dogs, a total of 58 biopsies were attempted and 56 biopsy samples obtained and submitted for histopathological analysis.
6754	Although both intraoperative cryosections and cytological preparations were performed in selected cases reported here, they were neither used consistently nor prepared or processed uniformly, and thus, we did not evaluate their impact on diagnostic yield in this study.
6755	The morbidity and mortality rates observed here may also have been favorably influenced by a patient population in which predominantly telencephalic lesions were sampled, with only one dog undergoing FBSB for a thalamic lesion.
6756	In this cohort of dogs, one dog with a presumptively diagnosed glioma based on imaging was ultimately diagnosed with focal macrogranulomatous GME following FBSB, which significantly and favorably altered this patient's therapy and prognosis.
6757	However, this report represents a large cohort of dogs in which glial tumors were histopathologically diagnosed antemortem, and indicates that FBSB can be used successfully with acceptable clinical morbidity in dogs with forebrain gliomas.
6758	Patient had right ear conductive deafness on tuning fork tests with negative fistula test.
6759	The left ear was normal.
6760	Rest of the E.N.T.
6761	In the usual epifluorescence arrangement, always less than half of 47r is used to illuminate the point of interest and to detect the emitted light.
6762	Since a solid angle of 4ir is not achievable, the term 4Pi was chosen to indicate the basic idea with a simple and straightforward term.
6763	However, the lack of a complete spherical wave front and the presence of aplanatic illumination force additional elevations along the optical axis that reach peak values of 0.58.
6764	In the 4Pi confocal fluorescence microscope at the European Molecular Biology Laboratory, the optical system is at rest and the specimen is moved through the common focus of two microscope objective lenses.
6765	The distance between the first two minima is 242 nm.
6766	The full width at half-maximum for the confocal fluorescence microscope is larger than 550 nm.
6767	Thus only one fourth of the illumination intensity is needed for each objective.
6768	Multiple doses are given to overcome the transient nature of the immunosuppressive effects of hMSCs and keep the mice alive for a longer period.
6769	All the negative control group host mice that received donor TCDBM cells survived for 80 days.
6770	Maximal death rates were observed around days 7-14 after transplantation.
6771	Analysis via RT-qPCR of chemokine ligands CCL3 and CXCL9 was also performed.
6772	In this model, administration of hMSCs to nonhumanized GVHD mouse models was performed.
6773	Immunosuppression was noted despite the probable immune reactivity of human cells to murine cells.
6774	Demonstration of the presence of hMSCs in the host tissues was done via in vivo imaging.
6775	Pathologic evidence of resolution of GVHR in the spleen, lung, liver and colon was noted 14 days after transplantation.
6776	With CCR7, the response may be somehow different.
6777	All mice were kept in a specific pathogen-free facility.
6778	Mononuclear cells were isolated from the solution using Lymphoprep Density Gradient Medium.
6779	Survival and the presence of diarrhea were also recorded every day.
6780	Single cell suspensions were prepared from host spleen, lung, and colon by mechanical disruption and filtering using a metallic mesh.
6781	In general, if there are any funnel ends, then the area of M is infinite and the behavior of the determinant of the Laplacian is more complicated.
6782	Complications arise because this renormalized integral is not a positive functional.
6783	Lemma 1.2.
6784	The renormalized area.
6785	Assume without loss of generality that there is only one cusp end.
6786	As explained in the previous section, the latter assumption simplifies the behavior of the heat kernel and includes the metrics of constant scalar curvature.
6787	This is the content of the next proposition.
6788	In particular, this gives an a priori bound on the curvature from which we get long-time existence.
6789	For infinite area surfaces the situation is more delicate, but also includes situations where the Euler characteristic is nonnegative.
6790	Recently PCR technology has improved sensitivity of the diagnosis of PCP and reduced need to invasively obtained clinical specimens such as lung bi-opsy.
6791	DNA was precipitated with equal volume of 2-propanol and 1/10 volume 3 M sodium acetate at -20˚C for 20 min and pelleted by centrifugation at 10000 rpm for 15 min.
6792	Two microliter of the first PCR product was used as DNA template in the second PCR reaction having the following conditions: 95˚C for 4 min, 30 cycles of 94˚C for 30 s, 60˚C for 45 s and 72˚C for 45 s; and a final extension of 72˚C for 10 min.
6793	Colonization did not seem to be dependent on sex or age of patients.
6794	The sequences were deposited in GenBank as Iranian samples with accession numbers JX856143-JX856146.
6795	An example of the microscopically positive samples for P. jirovecii from an immunosuppressive therapy recipient has been shown in Fig.
6796	History of study on Pneumocystis infections in Iran returned to early years after World War II.
6797	Probst et al.
6798	However, as P. jirovecii coloniza-tion in respiratory tract of persons may lead to misdiagnose PCP, a delicate differentiation between infection and colonization is crucial to establish a diagnosis.
6799	The main goal of this study was only estimation of P. jirovecii colonization and presumptive diagnosing PCP in predisposed patients.
6800	Special attention to these patients is essential for preventing nosocomial infections or emerging drug resistance isolates.
6801	This paper is concerned with the Brownian motion of a massive binary, consisting of two point particles whose center of mass moves irregularly due to random gravitational encounters with field stars.
6802	There are at least two environments where binary black holes are expected to form.
6803	Spitzer 1987, eqs.
6804	Spitzer 1987, eq.
6805	This function is plotted in Figure 1a .
6806	Impact parameters were chosen randomly and uniformly in p 2 within each interval.
6807	The greatest reduction in the frictional force occurs at small R and S. Small R corresponds to low p max , hence to a small contribution of distant encounters to ∆v .
6808	Obesity increases the risk of developing life-threatening metabolic diseases including cardiovascular disease, fatty liver disease, diabetes, and cancer.
6809	However, the mechanisms underlying chronicity of low-grade inflammation remain elusive.
6810	Herein, we report that IKBKE is required to temporally limit NLRP3 inflammasome priming in macrophages.
6811	These findings indicate that IKBKE is temporally regulated by proinflammatory mediators and may be a good candidate for cell autonomous regulation of chronic inflammation.
6812	These features are characteristic of increased hepatic metaflammation.
6813	Since IKBKE is also present in atherosclerotic plaques, we reasoned that IKBKE ablation might also promote atherosclerosis and that reconstitution with hematopoietic IKBKE might elicit beneficial effects.
6814	Collectively, these features may indicate changes in plaque stability and contrast with improvements in proatherogenic metabolic risk factors in these mice.
6815	This conclusion is supported by three key findings: First, IKBKE is induced in parallel with genes that prime the NLRP3 inflammasome in PRR-stimulated macrophages.
6816	Moreover, the possibility that hematopoietic IKBKE may play a nonpathogenic role in metaflammation is an important consideration for therapeutic strategies aimed at treating metabolic diseases such as NAFLD, obesity-related diabetes, and atherosclerosis.
6817	All these cases had their cataract surgery more than one year prior to the examination.
6818	In a further 10 cases vitreous incarceration into the wound was not recognised at all, though it is possible that in some cases vitreous may have become adherent to the cataract section in the postoperative period.
6819	Among the cases of ARD following complicated cataract surgery there were 16 where the retinal holes were multiple.
6820	Periretinal fibrosis.
6821	Figures 12 and 13 show some gait parameters extracted from the walking measurements relative to the average body speed for three men and three women.
6822	The estimated displacement of the legs during the gait has been approximated with a step-line model to reduce the uncertainty in the determination of the change between the swing and stance phases of the gait, allowing precise estimation of several gait parameters as, for example: the relative trajectory and displacement of the legs, the distance and time spend in the swing and stand phase of the gait, the absolute speed of the legs, the average body trajectory, etc.
6823	The concentration of LiCl was determined by measurement of conductivity.
6824	Paper chromatography.
6825	Optical rotation at 589 nm was measured on a Cary 29 instrument using the sodium D line.
6826	All the glucose was of the D-configuration as determined by D-glucose oxidase.
6827	Neuropathic pain is a major factor causing impaired quality of life in millions of people worldwide and is frequently resistant to all known analgesic drugs.
6828	Administering microglia stimulated with ATP caused a progressive tactile allodynia over the 5 h after injection.
6829	ATP stimulation caused release of BDNF from microglia in culture.
6830	In addition, pretreatment of the microglia with BDNF siRNA prevented release of BDNF by ATP stimulation.
6831	Microglial factors may also interact with excitatory synapses of neighboring dorsal horn neurons and enhance the excitability in dorsal horn neurons.
6832	Cells release ATP, and we also found that KA caused an increase in extracellular UTP/UDP.
6833	Neuropathic pain is a major factor causing impaired quality of life in millions of people worldwide.
6834	Since the mean has the unique advantage of high computational efficiency among other types of centroids, and can adapt to most of the existed distance functions, we restrict our analysis on the traditional K-means algorithm which takes the mean of the instances in each cluster as the centroid of the cluster.
6835	To this end, we have the following theorem on one dimensional data.
6836	It is valuable to extend Theorem 1 to the multidimensional data case.
6837	Furthermore, please note that the K-means distance is a family of distance functions with different φ. Finally, we must point out that a K-means distance is not necessary to be a metric; that is, a K-means distance may not have symmetry and triangle inequality properties.
6838	We say that the K-means clustering shows the uniformization effect, if the distribution of the cluster sizes by K-means is more uniform than the distribution of the class sizes.
6839	Apparently x is the mean of all instances.
6840	Entropy measures the purity of the clusters with respect to the given class labels.
6841	Experimental Tools.
6842	Experimental Data Sets.
6843	For our experiments, we used a number of real-world data sets that were obtained from different application domains.
6844	The relevant notations can be found in Table 2 .
6845	The former has been widely used in data mining community, and the latter was well established on the information theory and a set of axioms.
6846	We first perform the analysis using the Entropy measure.
6847	As a result, VI is also more complicated than Entropy -to directly understand its relationship with K-means and the uniformization effect is rather difficult.
6848	We omit the results based on cosine similarity due to the page limitation.
6849	Here, we highlight some research results which are mostly related to the main theme of this paper.
6850	First, people have studied the impact of high dimensionality on the performance of K-means, and found that the traditional Euclidean notion of proximity is not effective for K-means clustering on high-dimensional data sets.
6851	Electrical stimulation has been regarded by some as holding great promise to restore some degree of mobility.
6852	The difference between Tables I and II can be appreciated by considering the criterion of no associated medical problems as an example.
6853	This protocol requires reasonable trunk balance and stability, and the ability to tolerate the upright posture without autonomic disturbances.
6854	Since lower motor neuron paralysis of the quadriceps generally is seen below T12, lesions below this level are not appropriate.
6855	In accordance with other studies the SSR potentials were considered to be normal when they could reliably be reproduced three times by both stimulation techniques.
6856	Patients were examined urodynamically while in a supine position with 15°pelvic obliquity.
6857	No patient with complete tetraplegia displayed normal SSR potentials in the hands or feet using either of the stimulation techniques.
6858	These findings indicate that blood pressure regulation is more resistant to impairment after disconnection of the spinal sympathetic centres.
6859	Because ethanol-induced gastric mucosal lesions are mediated by the generation of free radicals, we hypothesized that selenium can inhibit ethanol-induced gastric mucosal lesions through a protective effect that may directly involve its antioxidant property.
6860	Therefore, this study was designed to investigate the gastroprotective effect of selenium by measuring the amount of lipid peroxidation and by comparing the activities of enzymatic scavengers, such as SOD, catalase and glutathione peroxidase.
6861	Figure 2 .
6862	To evaluate the direct gastroprotective mechanism of selenium against ethanol-induced gastric mucosal lesions, the level of lipid peroxide and the activities of scavenging enzymes were measured in the stomach of all experimental groups.
6863	However, selenium pretreatment increased the activities of these enzymes in a dose dependent manner in comparison to the control group.
6864	All chemicals were of the highest purity available.
6865	The animal experiment was performed in accordance with guidelines established by the Animal Care and Use Committee of Dong-Eui University and approved by the committee.
6866	The standard assay was performed in 3 mL of 50 mM potassium phosphate buffer at pH 7.8 containing 0.1 mM EDTA in a cuvette thermostated at 25 C.
6867	Absorbance was measured at 240 nm for 2 min, and the results were expressed as units/mg of protein.
6868	R-factors based on F 2 are statistically about twice as large as those based on F, and R-factors based on ALL data will be even larger.
6869	Like poverty, financial stress is often associated with inadequate financial resources relative to household need, and the problems of constructing valid comparisons between Indigenous and nonIndigenous Australians are considerable.
6870	Fortunately, there are several large-scale datasets with reliable and comparable data on financial stress for both Indigenous and other Australians.
6871	Hence it should be possible to identify the Indigenous-specific factors underlying financial stress in Australia.
6872	Hitherto there has been a dearth of literature on the relevant equivalence scales to be applied to Australia's Indigenous population when formulating such policies.
6873	When analysing a sub-population like Indigenous Australians, it is important to consider, additionally, that some consumption choices may be linked to social or cultural norms.
6874	Financial stress represents the strain in a household associated with either a lack of financial resources or an inability to manage the available resources.
6875	In the same way, households may enjoy a lower FS if their accommodation is owned, compared to rented.
6876	The Canadian literature is quite extensive.
6877	Using a probit model, they control for determinants such as income, household size, children, geographic location and home ownership.
6878	We use this previous research to inform the variables which we consider in our model of financial stress.
6879	We next turn to describing the two data sets that we use.
6880	The survey allows us to conduct analysis on the financial stress of Indigenous Australians using a large, Indigenous-specific sample.
6881	Hardship difficulties are extended to include a household member having lived without basic living items in the last 12 months.
6882	We order by person number within the household and take the first individual.
6883	Setting FS equal to one if any member of the household reports FS would bias the HILDA measure upwards relative to NATSISS.
6884	Our final sample size for HILDA is 7,600.
6885	This pattern reflects the advantages that couple-headed households enjoy discussed above as well as the much lower average incomes of singles.
6886	Indigenous households have more children and consequently larger size.
6887	Next we turn to our models of the determinants of financial stress and the simple model we use to construct equivalence scales.
6888	If the distribution of other characteristics which affect the propensity to experience financial stress is changing in ways that are correlated with household size, then the equivalence scales will also be changing over time.
6889	Home ownership and the presence of a couple are associated with lower FS.
6890	The results are broadly similar across the two samples.
6891	This could be evidence that traditional country food, hunting and gathering and other customary activities could be helping Indigenous people to alleviate financial stress.
6892	However this was almost perfectly correlated with remoteness so the effect of the two can not be separated.
6893	They can perhaps turn to other activities such as hunting and gathering to help offset financial stress.
6894	Nonetheless, there could be systematic differences in what the two groups assess as FS.
6895	The tables consider cashflow, hardship and any difficulty, respectively, and use the extended FS definition from NATSISS.
6896	In columns three through five of Panel A of Table 11 , we examine additional characteristics that we consider one-by-one in the equivalence scale estimates.
6897	This is through the interaction of disability with income and household size.
6898	For a three person household with a disabled member, this number climbs to 318 per cent.
6899	Tables 12 and 13 provide similar results for the measures of hardship and any FS.
6900	A credible analysis of either phenomenon must acknowledge both the diversity of Indigenous circumstances and how distinct value systems drive preferences and behaviours that shape the ability of policy to address Indigenous disadvantage.
6901	This paper estimates models of the determinants of financial stress and uses them to estimate equivalence scales which are based upon equating the propensity to experience financial stress across households of different sizes and different types.
6902	We demonstrate that while the determinants of financial stress are in fact quite similar for Indigenous and non-Indigenous Australians, the level of financial stress is much higher for Indigenous households.
6903	In particular, we show that equivalence scales derived for non-Indigenous groups are likely to be inadequate for analysing Indigenous households.
6904	Only one quarter of respondents said they had many friends in their neighborhood, and less than one half said they knew of someone who would take them in if they needed a place to stay.
6905	In research by Slonim-Nevo and Mukuka, 19 percent of surveyed Zambian adolescents aged 10-19 in urban areas reported having unprotected sex in the previous two months.
6906	This study was reviewed and approved by the University of Zambia's Research Ethics Committee.
6907	Respondents' ages ranged from 15 to 24, with a median age of 17 years and an average of 18 years.
6908	A full one-third of respondents live in a female-headed household.
6909	Fifty-four percent of respondents aged 20-24 were currently married or cohabitating, compared to 8 percent of respondents aged 15-19.
6910	Over 70 percent of respondents described themselves as "self-employed".
6911	Drinking places, buses, and crowded places were seen as unsafe.
6912	Lack of confidence in the police came up repeatedly in conversations with girls.
6913	Girls remark that although some police do their job diligently, most of them usually ask for money.
6914	Understanding girls' perceptions of and experience in their school environment is therefore critical to ensuring their safety.
6915	In any of these incidents, did the girl stop attending school?
6916	However, there were significant differences in getting tested: 36 percent of girls not in school had ever been tested for HIV/AIDS, while only 12 percent of girls currently in school had ever been tested.
6917	Thirty-six percent of respondents reported that their menstruation had at some point in time caused them to stop participating in daily activities, including sports.
6918	I find that this dynamic is further complicated when one considers the data reference interview.
6919	The goal here is to meet users where they are, but does not challenge them to become self-sufficient learners and searchers.
6920	It is not the librarian's job to match the information to students' level of understanding.
6921	These negative qualities are sometimes strategies that students have developed because they have been successful.
6922	They have different, but equally legitimate, motivations for looking for data.
6923	Also, format can unevenly influence data selection.
6924	Students familiar only with one statistical package may only be willing to look for data files formatted for that package.
6925	I use visualizations whenever possible to help speed understanding of complex ideas.
6926	Especially in the case of undergraduates, the data reference interview should take a pedagogical approach, helping new researchers develop the capacity to do it on their own, creating self-sufficient learners and nascent social scientists.
6927	Following this first introductory section, the second section discusses the methodological design of the study.
6928	To select the organizations with a stake in pastoralism and climate knowledge, we targeted organizations operating at supra-national, national, county and local levels.
6929	These are also the areas associated with high agricultural activities, while the remaining semi-arid lowland portion of the county is occupied by pastoral activities.
6930	This approach has been used by Cárcamo et al.
6931	The final workshop activity identified gaps in knowledge and options for improving the feedback mechanisms in knowledge flow.
6932	The study was ethically approved by the University of Cape Town Faculty of Science research ethics committee.
6933	The key donor organizations identified in the pastoral adaptation knowledge network include IDRC, CGIAR, GIZ, DFID, IIED, and USAID.
6934	As stated by the representative from the Institute of Climate Change Adaptation, University of Nairobi, "this funding often comes with a pre-determined research agenda".
6935	NDMA and NDOC, for example, generate information for early warning systems, livelihood strategies, food prices, nutritional status, and market trends for pastoralists.
6936	They work collaboratively with the decentralized offices of the Kenya Meteorological Department at their county to generate downscaled climate data for their county.
6937	The core actors comprised of government institutions, CBOs, and NGOs.
6938	Nevertheless, in spite of the ongoing effort, there are still many pastoralists in the community who are not getting information on advisory services.
6939	In addition, we examined the frequency of times that pastoralists have contact with the knowledge provider in their locality in order to determine the strength of such relationship.
6940	Although gaps sometimes exist in knowledge generation activities in terms of differences between agenda of internationally funded knowledge generation projects and prioritized key national challenges, collaborations between donor organizations and national knowledge production and dissemination organizations have helped in bridging this gap.
6941	In this study, the involvement of governmental organizations both at national and county level in knowledge generation and dissemination was observed to serve as an enabler of knowledge flow.
6942	This study has provided important insights into the structure and properties of knowledge production and dissemination networks with respect to pastoral systems in Kenya.
6943	Most of the local NGOs are challenged with the issue of sustainable funding for the continuity of their activities.
6944	The critical issue of the local perspective of generated scientific knowledge, in terms of its suitability, relevance, and reliance with respects to the people's context is often overlooked.
6945	Titles were independently reviewed by two veterinary epidemiologists, and pertinent publications were reviewed in full.
6946	The outcomes of such research would enable policy and interventions to expand from a specific focus on AMU and AMR to improving overall food safety.
6947	Yet concerns over inappropriate AMU have often overshadowed the good news stories in the industry.
6948	The scans were done on a Picker Magnascanner III with a 3x2 inch NaI crystal.
6949	The original clinical diagnosis in these patients is shown in Table  III .
6950	Two patients were symptom free and had been referred by the mass miniature radiography unit on account of bullae on the chest film.
6951	Only three patients show no real evidence of emphysema.
6952	Recent evidence suggests that it may be a haemodynanic phenomenon due to intrarenal vasoconstriction.2 3 Studies in animals show that the calcium channel blocker nifedipine may reverse the effects of long term treatment with cyclosporin.4 We report the influence of nifedipine on graft function in a retrospective study of renal transplant recipients given cyclosporin.
6953	This finding was sustained even when the possible influence of previous graft rejection was excluded.
6954	Rupture of the PCL is a severe knee injury that can lead to delayed rehabilitation, instability, or chronic knee pathologies.
6955	A comprehensive systematic literature search was conducted in MEDLINE from 1946, Embase from 1974, and the Allied and Complementary Medicine Database from 1985 until April 30, 2012 .
6956	If the name of the physical test was provided by the authors but not described in their study, we assumed that the test was performed in the known manner, and the study was included in the review.
6957	To increase the quality of the screening, the 2 reviewers screened the first 100 titles/abstracts, then assessed their agreement level and resolved any disagreements by discussion.
6958	In the event that values were missing, the authors attempted to contact the corresponding authors of the study by e-mail.
6959	Risk of bias is assessed for each domain and, for the first 3 domains, a statement on concerns regarding applicability is given.
6960	Results of the quality assessment for individual studies are presented in TABLE 2.
6961	N umerous physical examination tests for the diagnosis of PCL injuries are described in the literature, but, to our knowledge, this is the first systematic review summarizing research on the diagnostic accuracy of those tests.
6962	Because most of the included studies had high prevalence rates, the observed results regarding the sensitivity of the validated index tests might be biased.
6963	Certainly, those tests have been shown to have value in the diagnosis of medial and lateral collateral ligament injuries.
6964	To date, many previously described tests have not been investigated for their diagnostic accuracy: the proximal tibial percussion test, 21 fixed posterior subluxation, 84 posterior functional drawer test, 21 Loomer test, 60 dial test, 1, 52 as well as the standing apprehension test.
6965	Also, the medical subject heading "sensitivity and specificity" might be applied inconsistently, 57 and the use of filters is under debate and currently not recommended by the Cochrane Library.
6966	Given the limitations of all the reviewed studies, there is a strong need for sound research of high methodological quality in this area.
6967	Presently, most physical examination tests have not been evaluated sufficiently, and, at this stage, determining the most appropriate tests for assessing the integrity of the PCL is difficult.
6968	All the results are reported in Table 1 : BKV is always rescuable from heterokaryocytes formed by fusion of HKBK cells with Vero cells, at either low or at high passage; after treatment with RDE the rescue is the same.
6969	With the rise of the welfare state, governments became involved in social policy supporting the creation of hygiene, education and consultation institutes.
6970	Weak nerves, late marriage and low fertility rates were used as an evidence for that 9 .
6971	The life in the Diaspora, the eternal wandering, the constant change of place of staying, the inquisition, the middle-ages Ghettos, the closed life in the cities far away from nature, the limitations on the field of economy and the social and political rights, all these -as claimed by both Jewish and non Jewish physicians-left traces on the Jewish body and mind, expressed in a weak "Jewish" physical constitution and fragile nerves system 10 .
6972	While this was a rapid growth, because of the dire conditions of Jews and non-Jews at the end of the war OZE activities could not meet the needs of the various Jewish communities 19 .
6973	The war brought great deprivation and suffering to all communities, Jewish and non-Jewish, in Eastern Europe.
6974	The main victims were the ones in Russia, Poland and the Ukraine.
6975	Hundred thousands of Jews became refugees, wandering in the roads without enough food-supply or medical treatment.
6976	OZE enjoyed the same privileges of the general Red Cross and received supplies from the Russian army to help the refugees.
6977	In 1917 OZE ran already 10 stations treating more than 2,500 infants 31 .
6978	From autumn 1922 they sent medicine to Ukraine and from February 1923 they began their medical activity.
6979	The educational campaigns included lectures delivered in community centers and in schools, articles in Jewish journals and professional medical periodicals, books and a wide use of propaganda posters and 38.
6980	As described by Paul Weindling the response to typhus derived from a broader hygienic paradigm.
6981	These activities opened the possibility for cooperation with local medical forces, OZE being an important option.
6982	Preceding the conference, a questionnaire was sent that reflected the debate regarding responsibilities and proper ways to continue the campaign.
6983	OZE needed the time and experience learnt during the typhus campaigns to reinforce their status.
6984	Favus, «honeycomb» in Latin, is a dermatological lesion caused by a fungus.
6985	The diseases are known for centuries and have been usually related to other «loathsome» diseases such as trachoma, parasitic infections and venereal diseases.
6986	It was considered as a Jewish disease, termed parech in Poland.
6987	The special commissioner for health and sanitation of the JDC, Dr.
6988	The first machines were ordered in May 1921 with the promise to arrive in September that year 52 .
6989	It asked the communities to contact the anti-Favus committees and to direct patients to the x-rays stations for treatment 55 .
6990	The main problem was with patients from the provinces who did not have money to travel to the next big city and receive treatment.
6991	Yet, OZE rational was very different from previous local Jewish approaches.
6992	Other minorities, such as Poles or Armenians, suffered from persecution and dire physical conditions.
6993	Die Entstehung, n.
6994	This case study can serve as a starting point to other needed studies of other minorities' health and relief activities in the interwar period in Europe.
6995	Instead of assuming the optimal shape, Esser made various assumptions about the distribution of tension within the membrane and from those assumptions calculated the shape.
6996	The idea that the eardrum vibrates like a hinged plate was not challenged until the laser-holographic experiments of Khanna and Tonndorf showed that the low-frequency vibration pattern of the eardrum was quite different from that presented by Békésy, for both cat ͑Khanna and human ͑Tonndorf and .
6997	In the present model the manubrium is instead represented by actual elements having finite stiffness.
6998	The differences are small because the changes affect primarily the part of the pars tensa near the lateral process, where the influence on eardrum and manubrial behavior is relatively slight.
6999	Since there are hundreds of nodes and elements in the model, it is clearly not efficient to simply re-solve the matrix equation each time.
7000	These nodal coupling values are displayed graphically using contours in the same way that normal eardrum displacement patterns are displayed.
7001	Because of the asymmetrical shapes of the eardrum and manubrium, it is difficult to analyze the coupling distribution in detail in order to understand its significance.
7002	The diameter of the eardrum was chosen so that the plane surface area within the tympanic ring ͑including the pars flaccida, the manubrium, and the ligaments between the pars tensa and pars flaccida͒ is the same as the corresponding surface area in the CAT model.
7003	The upper curve, giving the maximal drum displacement, does not rise for large R because there is still a strong curvature in the circumferential direction, as shown in Fig.
7004	The distribution is displayed using contour lines of constant coupling value.
7005	It thus appears that some nodes on the eardrum have coupling values that are as much as 1.5 times as large as can be explained on the basis of their distances from the axis of rotation.
7006	It is difficult, however, to meaningfully separate the force-transformation behavior into these distinct mechanisms: the effective surface area of the eardrum depends on the displacement distribution, and this and the curvaturerelated lever mechanism both depend on the geometry and material properties in interrelated ways.
7007	Since the electric background field does not vanish for JZ dyons, the electric and the magnetic perturbations are coupled in this case.
7008	Moreover, it is not sufficient to consider perturbations within the Bogomol'nyi sector, since the latter cannot contribute to the angular momentum of a dyon.
7009	In order to linearize Eqs.
7010	In contrast to δB, δA is not gauge invariant, implying that not all coefficients in the expansion of δA correspond to physical degrees of freedom; see Sect.
7011	In order to see this, one has to use the perturbation equations in the harmonic decomposition, as given in the next section.
7012	This consists of Eq.
7013	The angular momentum is obtained from Eq.
7014	In conclusion, we would like to emphasize that the distinguished properties of the BPS background are very critical to the methods developed in this paper.
7015	We also establish that the coefficients are gauge invariant, up to the residual gauge transformations given in Eqs.
7016	Coastlines on the eastern boundaries of large ocean basins are typically subject to the more energetic wave climates that are produced by predominantly westerly winds.
7017	The estimates in this series prior to the 1970s suffered from the data deficiencies previously described but did correct for procedural problems in the earlier studies.
7018	MEI and NPI were found to have comparable skills in predicting annual wave height.
7019	Because the intent of this work is to assess and understand processes in the northeast Pacific Basin rather than to provide a historical record of regional wave climate, the records from the three northern regions were averaged to provide a single time series.
7020	However, neither of the other two climate indices yields very significant correlations.
7021	It also shows that the women's ability in the society has been greatly hampered.
7022	On the whole, the notion of adult education is "Functional literacy"-which helps the adult through suitable learning materials to become a persons in their areas of endeavor.
7023	Like most developing countries, Nigeria's social and economic development depends largely on the ability to produce a skilled and informed adult population.
7024	Adult education is not only designed for the achievement of reading, writing and arithmetic, but also to develop people to be functionally alert in order to contribute to the national goals and aspiration.
7025	Education is a lifelong phenomenon which can be undertaken at any age and for different purposes, deliberately for individuals, community, state or national progress and development.
7026	Education is not only designed for the achievement of reading, writing and arithmetic, but also to develop people to be functionally alert in order to contribute to the national goals and aspiration.
7027	Popular education in terms of technical instruction required to improve the local industries should be revisited while the relevant materials and human resource to drive this should be made available.
7028	The operculum is orange.
7029	Due to the utility of these devices, significant research effort is being made for their improvement.
7030	The study of heat and mass transfer in the 2 Advances in Mathematical Physics context of squeezing flow was performed by Mustafa et al.
7031	Shevanian et al.
7032	Velocity profile of fluid is argued by varying various parameters involved.
7033	Rapid separation and quantification of the specific pathogen of interest from samples is required for clinical diagnosis and biomedical analysis.
7034	Plate count is also a widespread method for counting viable bacterial colonies.
7035	However, it is a time-consuming process; days to weeks are needed for sufficient cell growth for analysis.
7036	The system configuration was shown in Fig.
7037	Images of aggregative particles taken from the designed trapping area were further processed based on the intensity of relative greyscale followed by correction of the particle numbers.
7038	The potential of this method is relative cheap and rapid over other conventional detection techniques.
7039	Do these sensory and motor experiences that have shaped their perceptual-cognitive skills as athletes also help them as sports officials to enhance their perceptualcognitive judgments and decisions?
7040	In terms of embodied officiating, this classification might also be reflected in the role bodily experiences play for the performance of sports officials.
7041	Motor experience is determined by the bodily experiences sports officials have made as athletes in the sport they now officiate in.
7042	However, with regard to refereeing performance in soccer, visual experience was found to be even more important, as indicated by a higher amount of explained variance in the regression analysis.
7043	Visual experience was found to be an important factor in soccer and handball.
7044	The optimal reference score for each video clip was determined through detailed video analyses and expert judges' ratings using video replays and slow motion.
7045	The effect of this very specific motor effect leads to an interesting question: if such motor experience could even be trained, would this result in better perceptual judgments of sports officials?
7046	These situations represent typical scenarios during football games, leading to ambiguous foul situations which are difficult to judge as a referee.
7047	An expert panel watched the selected video clips, including replays from different angles and judged if the video clips showed a foul or a dive.
7048	In accordance with other studies on embodied officiating, referees and players showed the highest judging accuracy, while fans and novices were less accurate.
7049	Interestingly, mere visual experience did not enhance judgment accuracy, as fans were worse than players and not better than novices.
7050	Do sports officials "perceive with other eyes" or integrate information differently if they have formerly been active in the sport as athletes?
7051	Therefore, to be able to reach a certain level of sports official expertise, a certain level of motor and visual expertise is to be acquired, according to these associations.
7052	Since this is not always possible, especially in the case of older adults, judging panels could be put together which include at least one former elite athlete.
7053	Altogether, former as well as current visuomotor experiences contribute to the enhancement of judgment and decision-making accuracy in games and competitions.
7054	Motor experience, either in the sense of skill level or in the sense of amount in years shows to be an influencing factor regarding sports officials' performance and, therefore, expertise.
7055	Depending on the sport, judges and referees show better performance quality with a higher amount of motor experience.
7056	Judges and referees could be tested in their judgment quality or decision-making skills, after having learned or observed movements or actions they have to judge on a regular basis.
7057	To the extent of our knowledge, this result is novel and of independent interest by itself.
7058	This requirement means that if a kid from a poor family and a kid from a rich family both fall into one of the poorest classes, it is more likely that the poor kid will be poorer than the rich kid.
7059	However, contrary to CK's claim, we …nd that individual and social welfare fall.
7060	We further provide a variety of numerical simulations to illustrate that our results are general, not just extreme examples.
7061	Our framework is simpler in that we study an endowment economy but richer in the heterogeneity and its ability to generate mobility.
7062	Section 3 endogenizes fertility and shows that fertility generally decreases with ability and income.
7063	Ability is determined at birth and correlated with the ability of the parent.
7064	Assumption 2.
7065	Assumption 2 assures intergenerational persistence of abilities: higher ability parents are more likely to have higher ability children.
7066	Alternatively, aggregate savings must be zero.
7067	The individual's problem is to choose a sequence f t !
7068	A mobility matrix with less than perfect persistence of intergenerational abilities can give rise to a negative relationship between fertility and ability.
7069	Furthermore, fertility restrictions that only a¤ects a particular group, say the lowest ability individuals, results in lower welfare for all individuals because, regardless of current ability, there is a positive probability that a descendant of the dynasty will fall into the group directly a¤ected in …nite time.
7070	As a result, fertility must fall for all types except perhaps for those who are constrained by the policy to increase their fertility.
7071	This type of restrictions disproportionately a¤ect the rich, or high ability individuals, because their unconstrained fertility is typically lower.
7072	In summary, the results above show that fertility restrictions, on the poor and on the rich, does not result into higher social welfare although they may improve the distribution of abilities and income.
7073	A low means that parents care little about future generations, have fewer kids, higher consumption and lower marginal utility of consumption.
7074	In this case, fertility restrictions have a minor e¤ect on individual welfare and, as a result, the change of the ability distribution is the dominant e¤ect determining social welfare.
7075	The key features are altruism, random abilities, labor costs of raising children, non-negative bequest constraints, and an endowment economy.
7076	Our model abstracts from a number of aspects that are potentially important to fertility decisions such as bequests, human capital accumulation, and wealth inequality.
7077	Stock Solutions.
7078	At higher pH values, the background absorbance of the reagent increased resulting in a net decrease in absorbance of the drug solutions.
7079	Borate buffer was found to be superior because it resulted in more stable highly colored solutions.
7080	In order to determine the optimum time required for the completion of the reaction, the derivatization reaction was carried in the range of 5.0-40 min.
7081	The effect of time on the stability of the drug-NBD-Cl derivative in acetone was studied at different time intervals.
7082	Journal of Spectroscopy the pseudo-order rate constant, is the concentration of the drug mol L −1 , and n is the order of reaction.
7083	At a preselected fixed time, which was accurately determined, the reaction was quenched by cooling and absorbance was measured.
7084	Evenalkyl substituted secondary fluoroquinolone such as lomefloxacin gave weakly colored unstable products with NBDCl, possibly due to steric hindrance.
7085	Democracy is a system of popular sovereignty over its people's destiny i.e., the system of government of the people and government accountable to its people.
7086	Competitive elections and peaceful participation increases the sense of responsibility of the demands of society.
7087	The public nature of this participation and its freedom and selective nature are the main constituents affecting people in decisions made in the frame of the legislature.
7088	Election has been considered as one of the manifestations of religious democracy in the Islamic Republic of Iran.
7089	General acceptance of the principle of popular sovereignty would support the political participation of the masses norm.
7090	Now the question arises if popular participation affects the political process in Iran, does it affect the improvement of living conditions of people in the Islamic Republic of Iran?
7091	In other words, what is the effect of public participation in the electoral arena on the improvement of the living conditions of people in the Islamic Republic of Iran?
7092	Arousing public trust, for the institutionalization of political behavior, change attitudes and change people's mentality and political sensitivity, people's participation is one of the desired results.
7093	But if the countries of the region and beyond see people dealing reluctantly with election, procedures in other countries toward Iran will be destructive.
7094	Voting is to defend and protect themselves against the enemy.
7095	Most of these studies indicated that development was sustained to metamorphosis only on small, motile animal prey and that uniceiiular algae were not effective diets.
7096	However, this rotifer diet frequently did not Support development to the post-larval megalopa stage or it resulted in reduced survival and delayed development as compared to control diets.
7097	Larvae obtained from each of the 4 Cancer species were raised in laboratory culture from hatching to the megalopal stage on 3 diets, including freshly hatched nauplii of the bnne shrimp Artemia sp.
7098	Water temperature was maintained at 10°C and salinity at 30.
7099	The flask was aerated and illuminated for 28 h. Newly hatched nauplii were collected on a 180 pm sieve and resuspended in a glass bowl containing filtered seawater.
7100	Experimental protocol.
7101	Prey were added 'in excess'; that is, in sufficient quantities that there were still ample prey available to the larvae after 24 h. As larvae in each bowl were transferred, data were collected on numbers of those which had survived and molted.
7102	Percent survival was then calculated for all bowls in a treatment at each successive stage of development and plotted as a function of zoeal stage for each treatment in each species.
7103	A 2-sample t-test was used to compare mean values between treatments for each species.
7104	Cancer magister appeared the most negatively affected by the Dun-rot diet, although only in 1 species, C. productus, did this diet Support any survival to the megalopa.
7105	In all 4 crab species, development was faster on the Iso-rot diet than on the Dun-rot diet as early as the first molt.
7106	Sulkin et al.
7107	The detailed techniques are profoundly modern, expensive, and tedious and require unique example preparation.
7108	The precision of the method was controlled by ascertaining recuperation of High mountain and MEB by technique for standard expansion.
7109	The arrangement was sifted utilizing Whatman channel paper No.41 and volume was made up to the stamp with the versatile stage.
7110	The target of the strategy advancement was to accomplish chromatographic crests for dynamic medication fixings with less hilter kilter factor.
7111	The rate recuperation was observed to be 98.29-101.39 for High mountain and 99.42 -100.55 for MEB, separately.
7112	It also uses ideal types of HRM systems, and assumes equifinality: different HRM systems are assumed to be equally effective, depending on the circumstances.
7113	For our present purposes, we assume these to be constant.
7114	The point is that, ultimately, the HRM practices in the HRM system are closely connected with the workforce philosophy, and this workforce philosophy consists of the values, beliefs and assumptions on which the choice and allocation of HRM practices is ultimately founded.
7115	Inconsistent messages lead to weak situations, while consistent messages create strong situations.
7116	In coherent, 'strong' HRM systems, the presence of certain core HRM practices directly reflects the workforce philosophy.
7117	Empirical research on employee ownership and its consequences shows that management's commitment to employee ownership is a major factor influencing the effectiveness of employee ownership.
7118	First, the workforce philosophy should propagate the idea that employees deserve to be co-owners, and managers should take them seriously as such.
7119	Second, this should be reflected in the presence of five other core HRM practices, which mirror the rights that make up the very construct of 'ownership'.
7120	Briefly, eligible patients were randomised to either placebo or one of six single doses of 30, 60, 120, 240, 360 or 480 μg desmopressin.
7121	However, based on descriptive statistics, this post hoc analysis found no clear difference between the genders in either duration or magnitude of desmopressin antidiuretic action in most dose groups.
7122	This may clinically manifest as late-onset X-linked disorders.
7123	As in our study, the study populations were predominantly male, and sample sizes were too small to allow gender stratification.
7124	It is expected that this condition would lead to the coexistence of species with broad food spectra and low feeding-niche overlap.
7125	Study area.
7126	Diet.
7127	The input matrix for this analysis contained the value for the volume of each food item.
7128	This hypothesis gains support because the dietary overlap of this assemblage was high only for those congeneric species with similar morphologies.
7129	Therefore, in the process of developing modern agriculture, the need to improve the management ability of young farmers, market marketing ability and level in the market transaction negotiations, as much as possible to gain the initiative in the production and business operation.
7130	Small rural school, students, teaching task, the rural school teachers strength is weak.
7131	It not only can mobilize and farmers, to create wealth, and to create a society of advanced culture, rural development and build a new countryside spirit, is a kind of strengthen national confidence and cohesion potential power.
7132	In the process of rural modernization and the development of productive forces has the decisive role.
7133	Differences across our province rural situation, both the rapid economic development of the city, and strive for adequate food and clothing problem of poor areas, around should formulate the corresponding development strategies according to different situations, should not become a mere formality.
7134	Aiming at the problem of insufficient rural education funds, the first thing to improve the overall input to the rural compulsory education to finances at various levels, reasonably determine the provincial finance and local finance on rural education investment allocation proportion, we will continue to increase government investment of funds for education.
7135	No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior written permission of SAE.
7136	The soot and CO production were minimized when the spray was targeted at the edge of the piston bowl near the squish zone, regardless of the spray angle.
7137	Measurement of the concentration ranges from 10 to 1966 mg/m 3 with a 1 mg/m 3 resolution.
7138	The operating conditions for this study are summarized in Table 3 .
7139	This is a convenient border definition between PCCI and standard diesel combustion.
7140	In conclusion, as also observed by Miles et al.
7141	Thus, the start of combustion in standard diesel combustion is controlled mostly by the injection timing.
7142	As shown in Figure 6 , the spray of the 85 degree spray angle case is directed toward the deep bottom of the piston bowl where most of the combustion takes place.
7143	However, their results do not give a direct explanation for an advance of the start-of-combustion timing.
7144	The injection timings were swept from a timing as early as could be achieved without damaging the engine to around TDC.
7145	The combustion details and its products in the PCCI regime should be determined by the equivalence ratio distribution within the premixed mixture, which may not be directly linked to the injection timing.
7146	On the other hand, the soot and carbon monoxide emissions in the standard diesel combustion regime increase with different slopes depending on the spray angles as the injection timing is retarded.
7147	The NOx emissions in the standard diesel combustion regime decrease as the injection timing approaches TDC, as expected.
7148	The emissions are also plotted in Figure 9 with respect to the overall equivalence ratio to help identify the controlling parameter.
7149	However, spray targeting is a key linkage between the injection timing and the controlling parameters like the flow field and air properties.
7150	However, the emissions in the PCCI combustion regime could not be explained by the injection timing alone since the sprays in PCCI combustion are believed to interact with the flow details, such as the swirl and squish flow due to the long ignition delays.
7151	The relative magnitudes of the emissions in Figure 11 and Figure 12 are indicated by the distance perpendicular to the piston bowl surface, and the corresponding injection timings are shown at the locations where the centers of the spray plumes are aligned so as to hit at these timings.
7152	Both emissions show their optimum spots around the edge of the piston bowl, as in the case of the 120 degree spray angle.
7153	However, both theories are hard to prove with the results of this study alone, and are not sufficient to explain the big jumps of both soot and carbon monoxide emissions seen with the 120 degree spray angle as the targeting moves down the bowl edge.
7154	There are complex interactions between the swirl flow, the squish flow, and the spray, as discussed in the previous section and analysis of these flows is beyond the scope of this study.
7155	The burn duration is a good indicator to differentiate PCCI combustion from standard diesel combustion.
7156	Spray targeting to the bottom of the piston bowl, which provided the longest spray travel distance, gave better soot emissions.
7157	The scheme assumes that the mesoscale eddies act to decrease the local gradients of temperature.
7158	The most attractive part of the scheme is its quasi-adiabatic nature, as the largest part of the ocean is essentially adiabatic and mixing occurs predominantly in the isopycnal direction.
7159	The horizontal subgrid mixing is chosen to be biharmonic with mixing coefficients for dynamical and thermodynamical variables equal to 2.5 Á 10 .
7160	After the 50 years of the spinup period the averaged temperature of the layers is still in a transient state.
7161	Again, biweekly values of kinetic energy and layer averaged temperature are stored.
7162	The signature of the mesoscale eddies is reflected in the presence of high frequency variability through the whole length of the simulation.
7163	Thus, the dynamical state is in near statistical equilibrium with the density structure, although the thermal structure at the same time is not fully equilibrated.
7164	The qualitative analysis of the areas reveals the strengthening of horizontal mixing in the upper layers and close to the western boundary where the strength of eddies is the largest.
7165	The table shows the percentage of the area where it lies between 0 and ŝ IS as assumed by the GS parameterization.
7166	The parameterization is least successful in the western boundary area where it predicts strong divergence of the opposite sign to the eddy heat flux divergence evaluated in the reference simulation as well as in the North-East corner of the subdomain for the upper layer, where it predicts strong positive divergence due to the increasing isopycnal slope.
7167	However, our result is for the divergence of the eddy heat flux, which is the more relevant quantity for climate simulations.
7168	For the second layer the predicted divergence is at least one order of magnitude smaller.
7169	But again none of the parameterizations is noticeably better than the others.
7170	Assessment of emergency management capability plays an important role in emergency management of urban power system.
7171	Risk is the result of the frequency of occurrence of events and their consequences.
7172	Such kind of study is just at the starting stage; much more research is needed.
7173	This sediment was used as source of DOM in water.
7174	We show that the spin Fermi surface is stable against any weak perturbations.
7175	The Majorana representation enlarges the spin-3/2 Hilbert space, so that one must enforce the constraint , where the product is over all sites in the lattice.
7176	The total flux per lattice unit cell is π; it follows that the magnetic unit cell must be doubled by a gauge choice.
7177	Moreover, the arguments in Refs.
7178	Specifically, to stabilize a flux configuration we add the following term to Eq.
7179	A different approach is to impact the fruit with a small spherical impactor of known mass and radius of curvature and measurc the accelcration of the impactor.
7180	Aftcr three days all 60 fruits were brought out from storage, and impact tests were made after thc fruits equilibratcel to room temperature.
7181	Impact tests imilai 10 those made in Spain except thal the niassof thc lighicr impactor was 10 g instead of 20 g. Fruit firmness was measured hy compressing the fruit with a '.
7182	Figure 2 shows that, as the impacting mass vanes from 10 to 50 g, the peak forcé on the soft fruit incrcases from 6.3 to 14.8 N, and the peak forcé on the firm fruit incrcases from 16.2 to 42.5 N. Since high impact forcé is associated with fruit damage, tliis result suggests that a light impactor should be used to avoid fruit damage.
7183	The valúes of peak acceleration.
7184	A, calculated from equation 4, were plotted in figure 3.
7185	Since the acceleration signal must be transmitted from the moving acceierometer to a recording device, the size and stiffness of the eléctrica!
7186	This avoids selecting on the dependent variable, thereby examining only directives that were not complied with.
7187	Full compliance with a directive implies that each member state implements exactly the decision outcome contained in the directive.
7188	This hypothesis has been examined in previous analyses, although indirectly or with a small number of cases.
7189	Studies on delegation in political systems other than the EU have found that high levels of policy conflict amongst decision makers are associated with the granting of low levels of discretion to implementation agencies.
7190	Figure 1 depicts the third hypothesis on the impact of member states' incentives to deviate and discretion on compliance.
7191	The hypotheses refer to the expected effects of incentives to deviate and discretion on compliance.
7192	However, a reputation-based explanation could lead to the opposite expectation regarding the direction of the effect.
7193	For each of these directives the dataset contains detailed information on our independent variables: the extent to which each member state and the Commission disagreed with the provisions of each directive, and the amount of discretion each directive grants to the member states.
7194	Secondly, the selection covers Commission proposals discussed in the Council in the period January 1999-December 2000.
7195	Since the decision situations the informants were asked to describe had to be relatively recent and fresh in their memories, the time period covered had to be relatively recent.
7196	The directives have transposition deadlines between 1999 and 2004.
7197	Our data were last updated at the end of June 2006, which means that for most of the directives included, we examine the record of infringements and delays for the three to four years after the deadlines.
7198	It would be inappropriate in our view to distinguish amongst infringement proceedings by the time it took to resolve them or the stage they reached.
7199	The duration and stage of the infringement proceeding is a strategic decision on the part of the member state, and not necessarily a reflection of the severity of the infringement.
7200	Some of these infringement proceedings were withdrawn after the member state in question responded adequately according to the Commission, and some are still pending.
7201	This provision gives member states the discretion to impose an additional burden on consumers when exercising their rights.
7202	This method has been applied in a wide variety of studies of decision making.
7203	Each informant was intimately familiar with the decisionmaking processes on the directives on which they provided information.
7204	These two issues illustrate the main criteria an issue specification must meet.
7205	Each of the issue continua is uni-dimensional, and each actor who has an interest in the issue can be placed on a point on the continuum to represent the position it favours.
7206	The actors were placed on the issue continua to represent the alternatives they favoured most.
7207	The distances refer to the political distances between alternative outcomes relative to the range of actors' preferences.
7208	Table 2 shows that each of the EU-15 member states had an infringement proceeding initiated against it in connection with either one or two of these six directives.
7209	Figure 3 depicts the level of discretion and the average incentive to deviate for the six directives with infringement proceedings and the eighteen directives without.
7210	Thus, the data at the level of the directives are consistent with our three hypotheses when applied to infringement proceedings.
7211	With fifteen states and twenty-four directives, there are a possible 360 observations of the presence or absence of an infringement proceeding.
7212	In particular, higher incentives to deviate are expected to be associated with a higher likelihood of non-compliance when states are given little discretion.
7213	The timeliness of national transposition is distinct from infringements, and we would therefore expect different dynamics to be at play.
7214	However, there is much variation and no significant difference between the cases with and without infringements.
7215	Infringement Proceedings and Transposition Delays Note: The 'Only transposed directives' column excludes directives for which no reference to any national implementing measures was available in EUR-Lex on 27 June 2006, the last date on which the Commission's database was consulted.
7216	Policy fit is a dummy variable that indicates whether or not a member state's first national implementing measure came into force before the adoption of the directive.
7217	Clearly, country-level variation does not account for variation in the chances of member states transposing directives in any given week after the deadline.
7218	Thus, our finding is in line with that of Börzel, who observed more variation across different policies within countries than amongst countries in the area of environmental law.
7219	Our research suggests several priorities for future empirical research in this area.
7220	Future research might also move beyond the transposition stage of compliance to observe changes in the practices of government agencies in response to EU directives.
7221	However, high levels of discretion are associated with a lower likelihood of timely transposition.
7222	The findings also suggest that granting discretion may involve a trade-off between the quality and timing of compliance.
7223	The presence of existing policy measures that relate to, but which are not entirely congruent 51 with, new European legislation implies the existence of entrenched policy routines that have to be changed.
7224	In particular, when national provisions are incongruent with the proposed directive, discretionary provisions allow these national provisions to be maintained to a considerable extent.
7225	This study focuses on one aspect of this development: it analyses how citation network structures within the research field have developed over time.
7226	In addition, there are -partly idiosyncratic -conceptualizations of disciplines that have been developed, implicitly or explicitly, around certain measurements, i.e.
7227	Secondly, they are delineated along epistemic characteristics, i.e.
7228	Gascoigne et al., 2010, p.
7229	Overall, with regards to institutional characteristics, a number of scholarly observations show a rather clear trend towards an established, autonomous field devoted to science communication research.
7230	This approach helps us to identify specific subgroups in the field.
7231	Thirdly, we will assess the interconnections between the different subcommunities.
7232	We chose the Scopus database.
7233	News Media and Public Communication, containing "media social knowledge news society role article discourse context study political popular cultural debate content"; 9.
7234	Applied Science Communication, including "research knowledge development review health paper management process quality risk important practice current practices future"; and 10.
7235	Using co-citation analysis based on 1238 unique references and 1051 of our original documents, we found eleven co-citation communities in the scholarly literature on science communication.
7236	As the typically cited literature in this community indicates, "Applied Science Communication" is one of the most important topics in this community.
7237	Using co-citation analysis allowed us to identify eleven distinct subcommunities within science communication research.
7238	It will be interesting to see whether these communities will move even closer together in the future -which would be a clear sign of a maturing, and increasingly emancipated, field.
7239	At the current state of research on science communication, however, it seemed inappropriate as the respective literature is being published in a wide range of disciplinary journals.
7240	Ravishankar Shukla University, Raipur, Chhattisgarh, India.
7241	In the whole investigation bacterial lawn petridishes without di-2-ethylaniline phosphate were taken as control.
7242	Bacteria C initially started at 800 µg/ml concentration with 13 mm diameter zone and increases accordingly with concentrations, while 21 mm zone diameter formed at higher concentrations 8000-10000 µg/ml.
7243	An in vitro study of Hu et al.
7244	All pigs were given ad libitum access to feed and water.
7245	The homogenate was centrifuged at 3,000×g for 15 min at 4°C and the supernatant was stored for enzyme assays.
7246	Digestive enzyme assay : Assays for digestive enzymes were carried out as described by Xu et al.
7247	Adsorption was the main way between MMT and bacteria.
7248	Wu et al.
7249	Surplus positive charge of Cu-MMT and CP-MMT was most probably an important factor for their antibacterial capability.
7250	One model involves the adsorption of the bacteria and immobilization on the surface of the Cu-MMT.
7251	In the present experiment, supplementation with MMT improved the activities of the digestive enzymes in the small intestinal contents, although the tendency was not significant.
7252	Different mechanisms have been proposed to explain the effect of clay on the digestive and productive results of the animals.
7253	The more improvements in the intestinal microbial ecosystem and the digestive enzymatic activities supplemented with Cu-MMT than those with MMT may be contributed to this.
7254	The basin-scale thermohaline circulation involving water mass transformations in the Mediterranean Sea strongly affects this exchange.
7255	Then a subgrid-scale turbulence closure scheme can represent the mixing and entrainment without being contaminated by numerical errors.
7256	Such multiple-grid approach is closely related to the domain-decomposition method described by Dietrich et al.
7257	It is a full Mediterranean Sea/North Atlantic/Caribbean Sea/Gulf of Mexico system coupled ocean model.
7258	The main simulation results are.
7259	We have also demonstrated that the present multiple grid approach, combined with the lack of excessive dilution of density currents, allows modeling fine-scale features such as the Strait of Gibraltar and its associated MOW density current in the multibasin-scale model framework.
7260	Straw sourced from cereal and straw from other crops in its primary form requires much transportation and storage space and at the same time has a low calorific value per unit of volume.
7261	It was certified that mixing different types of biomass materials was helpful to improve the properties of pellets.
7262	The highest volume specific heat 6.562 × 10 6 J. .
7263	Berthet et al.
7264	Tensile deformation exhibits both non-linear as well as linear region.
7265	She found out that the conductivity increases and the resistivity decreases with temperature exponentially for all samples at all moisture contents.
7266	The granulating machine was furnished with the press equipment with disc pelletizer.
7267	The strength of the pellets was evaluated via the quasi static compression test, which was used to study the compaction behavior of tomatoes by Blahovec et al.
7268	The loading curves of different pellets had similar development and the line shapes.
7269	The slopes of the equations represent the moduli of elasticity.
7270	III.
7271	Force in maximum of rapeseed pellet samples correlated proportionally significantly with strain in maximum and stress in maximum of rapeseed samples and correlated with strain in maximum of mixed straw samples.
7272	Stress in maximum correlated proportionally with modulus of elasticity of the mixed straw pellet samples.
7273	All of this requires better, and more performant DSPF application.
7274	A SWOT analysis of using COTS SS, which are elaborated here, is given in Table 1 .
7275	This dedicated development of sparse solvers is very time and resource consuming and can be too big task for Power Systems development groups.
7276	There are many methods for storing the matrix data, i.e.
7277	Is is a compensation vector which ensures that Injection sources-Slack Buses are kept at the referent voltage during the DSPF iterations, keeping the matrix symmetrical at the same time.
7278	A topic for further research is to determine exactly how the network topology affects the matrix population and factorization times.
7279	The higher incidence of alcohol-related admissions to our ICU likely reflects the different social character of the referral area of our hospital, as well as the time of the year that the study was conducted.
7280	In contrast to the study by Baldwin et al.
7281	Longitudinal follow-up has included serial examinations and review of hospital and death records since 1965.
7282	Diagnosis of stroke was reviewed and confirmed by a study neurologist and the morbidity and mortality review committee.
7283	More men in the stroke group had diabetes and hypertension compared to the stroke-free group.
7284	Table 2 displays late-life baseline characteristics of the men with incident stroke, stratified by survival status.
7285	Measures were prospective, standardized, and included pre-stroke nutritional measures not usually available in stroke studies.
7286	Stroke and mortality casefinding methods were thorough and complete, and mortality included in-hospital and out-ofhospital deaths.
7287	Neuropsychological findings in patients with Kabuki syndrome.
7288	Contributing factors include DNA modifications, a repertoire of both positive and negative effectors of transcription, and feedback mechanisms that titrate both gene expression and protein function.
7289	Although our data suggest that neurogenesis and hippocampal memory can be recovered after 2 weeks of treatment with AR-42, it is unclear if this response can be sustained even in the presence of chronic treatment.
7290	The combination of in vivo ChIP-seq analyses and in vitro reporter allele performance with regard to H3K4me3 status may ultimately allow optimization in the selection of agent and dose for therapeutic purposes.
7291	Although this strategy should recapitulate haploinsufficiency for KMT2D, as seen in Kabuki syndrome patients heterozygous for nonsense alleles, a gain-of-function contribution of the fusion protein cannot be formally excluded.
7292	The purposes of this study were to explore the pathophysiological sequence in Kabuki syndrome, a Mendelian disorder of the epigenetic machinery, and to seek robust disease-associated phenotypes, which could be used to monitor therapeutic response.
7293	Data collection occurred for a predetermined period of time, as dictated by literature-or core facility-based standards, and no exclusion criteria were applied.
7294	Drug was administered for 14 days, and mice were sacrificed on day 15.
7295	A single model was fit, using all eight samples, with tag-wise variance estimation.
7296	The ability to load large samples is beneficial for detecting less abundant peptides, although the number of additional peptide identifications is not necessarily increased linearly in proportion to the amount of sample injected.
7297	These columns contain porous channels rather than beads and have two advantages over packed columns.
7298	In this study, they identified 5510 unique peptides from 1443 distinct S. oneidensis proteins in a single 4-h LC-MS/MS analysis of a 300-ng tryptic digest sample.
7299	The success of a multidimensional separation system is mainly determined by factors that include orthogonality of the separation elements, and separation efficiency and sample recovery in each of the separation elements.
7300	Orthogonality is largely determined by the analyte retention mechanisms provided by different separation elements.
7301	The major disadvantage of off-line systems is the potential sample loss in the collector, a limitation for analyses of small sizes of proteomics samples.
7302	The online mode achieves multidimensional LC separations in a closed system without losing sample on system collector surfaces.
7303	Another approach is the use of individual SCX and RP columns and switching valves to accomplish online SCX×RPLC separations.
7304	Therefore, tryptic peptides of the same charge tend to elute within a relatively narrow gradient window in SCX.
7305	In this system, dilution of the organic content was realized by running the second dimension at 12 μL/min vs.
7306	Differing from SCX sorbents that contain only negatively-charged functional groups, ZIC-HILIC sorbents contain both negative groups as well as positive groups that can attract the phospho-groups on peptides, which is important for retention of hydrophilic phosphorylated peptides.
7307	Results from a proteomic analysis from 5 pg of a D. radiodurans lysate tryptic digest.
7308	Normalized retention time plots for selected 2D LC systems with RPLC at pH 2.6 in the second dimension.
7309	A comparison of the rotational decay times of the heteroduplex molecule and a linear control yields an interstem angle of 89 ± 4°in 4 mM magnesium chloride/100 .iM spermine hydrochloride, essentially identical to the corresponding angle observed in the crystal under similar buffer and temperature conditions.
7310	Molecule.
7311	It is evident in Fig.
7312	Biallelic mutations of the gene coding for HNF1are found in half of the HCA cases.
7313	We validated the identified variants in a second group of 26 women presenting a HNF1 mutated HCA and 40 control women.
7314	All patients were recruited in accordance with French law and institutional ethical guidelines.
7315	Because the E229K CYP1B1 mutation was observed in five cases, we genotyped 125 additional Caucasian women from the HGDP collection.
7316	Integrins are fascinating molecules.
7317	Adding to the complexity is the fact that many of these interactions are short-lived and therefore difficult to study.
7318	In effect, the integrin has a ligand binding "head" on the top of two "legs".
7319	On the other hand, the swingout movement of the upper β leg could readily occur if it were preceded by extension of both legs.
7320	Importantly, the distal part of the β chain was ordered, and the proximal α-helix was followed by a NPXY loop and a short α-helix covering the residues from Tyr-747 to Thr-755.
7321	Helix 3 makes contacts with both helix 1 and helix 2.
7322	Moreover, deletion of the GFFKR sequence in LFA-1 in mice, resulted in increased LFA-1 activation and LFA-1-dependent adhesion.
7323	Integrins bind to a large number of extracellular matrix molecules and cell membrane proteins.
7324	Recently, it has been shown how α-actinin links LFA-1 to the cytoskeleton, and disruption of such binding results in loss of cell spreading and migratory speed.
7325	The β 2 -interaction results in up-regulation of LFA-1 activity.
7326	The inhibition can also be achieved by using a construct that blocks the phosphopeptide binding site in 14-3-3.
7327	A schematic view of the T cell receptor initiated phosphorylation of the β 2 chain is shown in Fig.
7328	In the previous chapter we have described phosphorylation in the cytoplasmic tails of integrins.
7329	The phosphorylation resulted in disengagement of the transcriptional activator JAB-1 from LFA-1, and this triggered further downstream signalling events.
7330	When the residue was mutated to aspartic acid, which at least partially mimics phosphorylation, the paxillin binding was inhibited and the cells showed effects similar to that of the phosphorylated integrin.
7331	The PCR products were then visualized by ethidium bromide staining on agarose gels.
7332	All animals were 6-8 wk old, and approximately equal numbers of males and females were analyzed.
7333	PSelectin and P-selectin/ICAM-l mutant mice were from a mixed 129/ Sv x C57BL/6J background; ICAM-1 mutant mice were from a fifth generation backcross with C57BL/6J.
7334	The accumulation of '"I-albumin in the peritoneum, a measure of edema formation, was calculated as the 15I-albumin counts in the lavage fluid divided by the total '"I-albumin counts recovered in the mouse minus the tail.
7335	Neopterin is a catabolic by-product of cyclic guanosine triphosphate -upstream in the tetrahydrobiopterin biosynthetic pathway.
7336	But the lower excreted levels of DAS have proven more useful in revealing changes.
7337	Neurotrophic factors, which range from peptides to small proteins, mediate the development and survival of neurons.
7338	As with other negative APPs, gelsolin can also be up-regulated in some disease states, so its plasma levels may not be easily interpreted as reflecting health or stress.
7339	For determination of NMN, the supernatant was further neutralized with 1 M potassium carbonate and centrifuged to remove insoluble material.
7340	Lysate supernatants were diluted 1:50 in icecold 100 mM phosphate buffer, pH 8.
7341	Calculations according to the following equations assumed enzymatic equilibrium at 38°C and pH 7.0 in each compartment.
7342	Generation of mNAMPT Mice-To investigate the role of NAD in muscle, we generated mice carrying an exogenous copy of the Nampt cDNA separated from the CAGGS promoter by a floxed stop cassette.
7343	Thus, the slight decrease in muscle NAD does not contribute meaningfully to the detrimental consequences of obesity, nor does elevating NAD have a protective effect.
7344	Because supplemented NAD precursors can theoretically bypass any compartmentalization of NAMPT activity, it is plausible that their beneficial effects reflect a more pronounced influence on the mitochondrial pool.
7345	This observation would later provide ARDS with one of its many synonyms: non-cardiogenic pulmonary oedema.
7346	To this day, ARDS remains a life-threatening complication that is treated by intubation and positive pressure ventilation.
7347	The cells in the alveoli epithelium consist of two types.
7348	Thermodilution involves injecting a bolus of cold saline into the pulmonary artery and looking for temperature changes in the emergent blood flow.
7349	However, by combining several supportive strategies, it is possible to improve the outcome.
7350	The objective is to maintain blood oxygen levels while avoiding oxygen toxicity and the complications of mechanical ventilation.
7351	Much research has been directed at jet insufflation, which attempts to move air using small successive bursts.
7352	Repositioning into the prone position might improve oxygenation by relieving atelectasis and improving perfusion.
7353	Guérin et al, writing in the New England Journal of Medicine, reported a large multicentre study in France involving over 400 patients.
7354	Several pharmacological agents have been used to increase the rate of fluid clearance.
7355	Ketonazole has also being used in an attempt to encourage alveolar clearance.
7356	Aggressive treatment with both antibiotics and activated protein C is considered appropriate.
7357	In §2.
7358	Our method for detecting faint objects is very simple and consists in essence of smoothing the images and locating peaks.
7359	We have implemented such an algorithm on the computer.
7360	In two-dimensions peaks annihilate with saddle points.
7361	In the lower right panel are shown the local significance maxima where the vertical scale is now the significance level and the width of the symbol denotes the smoothing radius.
7362	We have experimented with different types of apertures.
7363	The vertical stellar locus is clearly seen, and it is possible to separate moderately bright stars from galaxies with confidencethis is vital for measuring and correcting for point spread function anisotropy.
7364	Now P γ αβ is some rather messy combination of angular moments of the surface brightness, but the important point is that it can be directly measured for each individual galaxy image, and so provides a way to calibrate the polarization statistics: the average of e β /P γ αβ over the galaxies lying on some patch of sky is just proportional to the shear γ α averaged over the same region.
7365	The approach we have adopted is a semi-empirical one: We first calculate as best we can the polarizability ignoring seeing -this should provide a set of shear estimates which have a negative bias which depends on the image size, but which should asymptote to the correct value for large images -and we then empirically calibrate the seeing induced suppression as a function of image size by using HST data which we artificially stretch and then degrade to simulate ground based observing conditions.
7366	First however, we will address a closely related problem: how the mean polarization shifts in response to smearing with an anisotropic psf and how we can, by measuring the psf of foreground stars, annul this.
7367	The nice thing here is that P s αβ depends only on the image shape after seeing, and so can be calculated exactly, in the absence of noise, and seems to be a rather robust statistic even in the presence of noise for our faint galaxies.
7368	The polarizabilities estimated for the galaxies will be much noisier, and this introduces both a random and systematic error in P s αβ .
7369	The random error is relatively benign, since our goal is to finally determine a shift in the mean polarisation.
7370	The systematic error arises in the second term in P s αβ which is quadratic in the surface brighness, so for very faint objects this will introduce a bias as the observed e α e s α will be inflated by photon counting noise.
7371	As discussed in appendix C., most anticipated effects will produce a slowly varying anisotropy, so the number of stars should be adequate.
7372	This is shown in the upper right panel.
7373	Clearly the procedure has worked very well indeed, and any residual anisotropy is very small.
7374	A fair estimate of the shear γ α is therefore given by taking the mean of e α P γ−1 αβ ; the shear polarizability effectively providing a shape dependent calibration factor.
7375	An alternative would be to simply develop an empirical calibration of the shear/polarisation relation without trying to calculate the shear polarizability.
7376	Thus, when we divide by the shear polarizability we may make a relatively large error in what should really be a small correction.
7377	The limited data we use here are, we believe, sufficient to give a reasonable mean calibration for a given choice of magnitude limits.
7378	The analytic machinery and experimental method developed here provides a quantitative way to measure the performance of any particular scheme.
7379	This preprint was prepared with the AAS L A T E X macros v3.0.
7380	This restores the polarisation values to what they would have been for an observer with a perfectly circular psf.
7381	This is superficially very similar to the calculation of appendix B. and the goal is to calculate some kind of 'shear-polarizability' which provides a calibration factor to convert raw polarization values to shear estimates.
7382	The size of the effect on our shear estimates depends on the size of the galaxy images.
7383	Note that even if the psf does vary considerably for stars as opposed to galaxies there may be some remedy.
7384	One interesting effect we have come across at CFHT was a reproducible linear gradient of ellipticity across the CCD frame.
7385	This effect can be more dangerous if one tries to stack images which are rotated with respect to each other.
7386	Define the momentum transfer q ≡ p − p. To regulate the various IR divergences, we introduce a fictitious photon mass m γ and keep the electron mass m e non-zero for now.
7387	As it must, the above equation yields the same result as Eq.
7388	We conclude in section 4 with a discussion of the physical interpretation of irregular singularities with IR-free CB couplings.
7389	These two different kinds of singular loci need not be the same.
7390	This complex u a coordinate is the uniformizing parameter for C 0 a introduced in the introduction.
7391	The tip of the C 0 a cone is a conformal vacuum of the SCFT, since it is a fixed point of dilatations.
7392	The tip of the bouquet of cones making up C 0 is a complex singularity if and only if the CB chiral ring is not freely generated.
7393	The converse of this statement does not hold, however.
7394	This observation tremendously simplifies "boostrapping" the Higgs branch compared to a similar analysis of CB operators.
7395	It then follows that the zeros of disc are also isolated.
7396	Although we are not able to solve these consistency conditions in generality, we will now show how to construct many examples of non-planar CB geometries as multi-sheeted covers of planar SK CB solutions which do satisfy them.
7397	This construction can only describe rank 1 CBs which are given as plane curves, and so whose corresponding SCFT CB chiral rings have two generators and a single relation.
7398	In any case, all the above arguments are merely suggestive, and it would obviously be desirable to have more definitive arguments for or against the existence of QFTs with I Some further open questions.
7399	The assumption that the compactified CB is a quasi-projective variety which is a flat deformation of a given UV singularity, together with a higher-dimensional generalization of the Reimann-Roch theorem, plausibly allow us to derive a similar constraint on the degree of the discriminant bundle similar to that found above eqn.
7400	We start with a quick review of the basics of rank-1 SK geometry and then specialize to the systematic study of the scale invariant case.
7401	That is, σ must "jump" by the linear action of M 0 across the cut.
7402	So we must look for solutions by including the leading corrections to scaling.
7403	Example 4: A non-complete intersection CB.
7404	Example 6: Another non-complete intersection CB.
7405	We show here via a few examples from appendix B how to write SW curves and forms encoding the special Kähler structure of rank-1 scale-invariant CBs.
7406	More generally, flatness seems to capture the notion that the deformation is continuous, so it is natural to also make the assumption that the general CB chiral ring is a flat deformation of the SCFT CB chiral ring.
7407	The pPb measurements might be affected by physics processes with strong kinematic dependence within an analysis bin, e.g., polarization or energy loss.
7408	The results are insensitive to the selection of sideband ranges.
7409	Statistical uncertainties are displayed as vertical bars, while boxes that span the p T bin width represent systematic uncertainties.
7410	The somewhat larger uncertainties, however, make it difficult to draw firm conclusions for the nonprompt J/ψ production.
7411	For nonprompt J/ψ mesons, R FB tends to be below unity at p T 7.5 GeV/c and increases for higher p T , but with slightly larger uncertainties.
7412	Abstract For certain classes of Beyond the Standard Model theories, including composite Higgs models, the coupling of the Higgs to gauge bosons can be different from the Standard Model one.
7413	Among these processes, triple Higgs boson production in VBF plays a special role -its enhancement is especially spectacular due to the absence of background from transversely polarised vector bosons in the final state.
7414	The corresponding Higgs couplings to itself and the gauge bosons thus can be described by their SM couplings modified by some multiplicative parameters and might very well take non-SM values.
7415	The paper is organised as follows.
7416	In Section 4, we estimate the background for the VBF triple Higgs boson signal and find the potential of the 100 TeV pp FCC to measure the hV V coupling.
7417	This feature of the SM amplitude is special and not generic for other models.
7418	Here, the transversal contribution to the cross sections is significantly larger compared to the longitudinal part.
7419	For the following part, we focus solely on triple Higgs production with applied VBF cuts, and study the impact of the anomalous Higgs coupling a for different collision energies and unitarity bounds.
7420	However, even for a small deviation of a from one e.g.
7421	However, with increasing √ s, the distributions smear out and the tail at high M hhh gets longer and flatter reflecting non-unitary behaviour of the amplitude with high M hhh .
7422	This is the subject of the next section.
7423	There are certain technical problems in the evaluation of 6b BG: the application of the ∆ cut M h and M 6b cuts at MadGraph level in form of user defined cuts lead to zero cross section due to too little phase space left, so MadGraph was failing to evaluate it.
7424	Using this scaling and the rates from table 3 one can easily find the signal rates for smaller values of ε a .
7425	A summary of our findings is presented in Fig.
7426	The second is the g.i.c.
7427	The two Landau gauges can be treated almost in the same manner, so that in this section we consider the 2nd Landau gauge and call it simply the Landau gauge.
7428	Remarkably, the expectation value of the mechanical OAM depends only on the Landau quantum number n, and it does not depends on the eigen-value m of the canonical OAM.
7429	Actually, this is an anticipated fact, since the gauge transformation does not change the Landau energy, which is characterized by the quantum number n.
7430	We may now say that the l.h.s.
7431	One can see that the results of operation of the canonical momentum operator K can x are all different depending on three gauge choices.
7432	The truth is that, as we have already discussed in sect 1, the r.h.s.
7433	As emphasized by Haugset et al.
7434	In this sense, the choice of the path C 1 is intimately connected with the choice of the 1st Landau gauge.
7435	However, this is not the case for the canonical OAM operator L can z , which is a gauge-variant operator.
7436	Also noteworthy is the gauge transformation property of the two components A ⊥ and A .
7437	Actually, for an infinitely long solenoid, the above integral is logarithmically divergent.
7438	According to them, this setting enables real-space elucidation of individual Landau level, which is characterized by two quantum numbers, i.e.
7439	Belinfante first chose particularly simple paths at a fixed Lorentz frame.
7440	With this choice of path, Eq.
7441	Besides, since it is expressed with the electric and magnetic fields only, it is obviously gauge-invariant.
7442	Confining here to the three straight-line paths corresponding to the general axial gauges, it can be readily verified that any choice of n µ gives the physical component of the gluon field, which transforms gauge-covariantly, i.e.
7443	Since the standard covariant derivative contains the full gauge field, the definition of the mechanical OAM is gauge-invariant as well as path-independent.
7444	We emphasize that this symmetry has nothing to do with the gauge symmetry.
7445	On the other hand, if we choose the straight-line path along the light-cone direction, an additional symmetry is respected besides the above two-dimensional rotation symmetry.
7446	That is the Lorentz-boost invariance along the direction of the parent nucleon.
7447	In fact, if the magnetic field is confined in a finite domain, the vector potential, or more precisely its transverse component, is essentially uniquely fixed by the Helmholtz theorem.
7448	We also derived the explicit form of this weight function.
7449	This choice of path then has an intimate connection with symmetric gauge choice.
7450	A question is therefore what is meant by the path choice in the gauge-invariant but path-dependent formulation of DeWitt.
7451	Nevertheless, this gauge-independent nature of the g.i.c.
7452	In fact, we compare the expectation value of theg.i.c.
7453	As we have argued, for relativistic problems like the nucleon spin decomposition problem, the path for defining the physical component of the gauge field can be chosen arbitrarily in the 4-dimensional Minkowski space.
7454	They often show flare activity, and a few dozens of them vary periodically within ∼30.
7455	There are several possible reasons for the subluminal velocity.
7456	The IR pumping of Class II methanol masers suggests that cyclic luminosity variations of YSOs will cause maser periodicity.
7457	So the question on the driving mechanism for the periodicity is still open.
7458	The change of the maser population of NIRS3 due to its burst won't be permanent.
7459	It would be interesting to study in detail how this reweighting of domain wall configurations work at large volumes and towards the chiral limit.
7460	Using model ansatz for spectral functions, the shear and bulk viscosities have been measured, the latter with larger errors.
7461	QCD with physical quark masses lie in the crossover region extended for a range of m u , m s .
7462	Subsequently the µ tric q was estimated by looking at the tricritical scaling for m u,d in the chiral limit.
7463	Subsequently improved versions of staggered fermions are been used to reduce lattice cut-off effects, which play a decisive role in this study.
7464	The results using different improved versions of staggered fermions are converging to an agreement with no indication for a first order transition in the vicinity of RW fixed points for M π 50 MeV.
7465	In the Taylor expansion method, the pressure is expanded as a series in µ B /T where the expansion coefficients are µ B -derivatives of pressure i.e.
7466	Even worse for the Bell nonlocality theorem: should the natural world be nonlocal at a certain scale -as many believe -this is increasingly thought to be a possible sign that our beloved theories of space and time might be far from fundamental.
7467	The key point in Boughn's arguments concerns the formulation itself of the Bell theorem that he provides1.
7468	Since we start with an entangled state of a composite system, in which spin properties of each EPR subsystem are not elements 2 The details can be found in Laudisa 2008 , pp.
7469	In addition to the logical status of the premises of the Bell theorem, there is a deep motivation for restricting the attention to locality.
7470	According to this claim, the Bell result ensuing from the EPR argument need not be interpreted in terms of nonlocality since it depends on a counterfactual type of reasoning which would be legitimate only in a 'classical' context; for its supporters, this is another motivation for taking the Bell theorem as a 'no-classicality' rather than a nonlocality result.
7471	We can tell it instantaneously.
7472	In any case, however, the sending of the box is perfectly well understood.
7473	The solution of this problem entails not only some mathematical development but also involves an understanding of what to do-in a manner of speaking-with the found wave packet once in hand, including what is actually measurable in terms of how we normally interpret scattering results.
7474	Section II develops in detail the special case of wave packet scattering in 1-D, a problem that has been addressed in the literature, as cited in Sec.
7475	We also include five appendices for extended mathematical material and, in some cases, to broaden the scope of the discussion for interested readers.
7476	Appendix C discusses wave packets from the standpoint of second quantization, a rarely treated topic at this level.
7477	Appendix E presents a rather complete review of the solution of the 1-D plane wave scattering problem using the powerful transfer matrix technique applied in Sec.
7478	We mainly deal here with what could loosely be called "procedural" notions, some of which, however, unavoidably touch on philosophical topics that we tread upon only lightly, relying on sources that have been helpful to our way of thinking about them.
7479	We take superposition of states to mean a coherent -i.e., simply additive-combination of solutions of the Schrödinger equation at a specified value of time.
7480	Mixed states typically describe beams of independently created particles by appropriate sources in scattering setups.
7481	This view, however, would seem to "prepossess" knowledge of what the state is, removing any interest in measuring it.
7482	In fact, however, the bosonic picture of oscillator states relevant to QFT stems from Maxwell's equations rather than the Schrödinger equation, and the manner in which fermionic states of the SHO can be recast as bosonic states is due to the fact that the stationary states of the Schrödinger and Maxwell's equations satisfy identical differential equations after physical constants are redefined.
7483	Then we can return to the principle value integrations, making them even more accurate with still smaller ǫ-and then, again, take t → ∞, causing the integrals to vanish, and so on for any degree of accuracy.
7484	The connection of such a transition to a measurement involves additional mathematical and interpretive concerns.
7485	Specifically, in the one dimensional case, if the direction of incidence is defined by positive wave vectors, negative wave vectors must not contribute to an incident wave packet.
7486	I.3.
7487	He referred to these as test functions rather than wave packets, apparently giving emphasis to their mathematical role over physical interpretation.
7488	The question now arises whether all the laws of the 3-D electrodynamics will straight work for the new class of 2-D materials.
7489	Since 2-D material has no thickness, its volume cannot be defined.
7490	It turns out that we are not concerned with E z in this study.
7491	We are interested in this electric field here.
7492	Although the composite effect of the gate and drain biases have the resultant electric field in some arbitrary direction, we shall be interested in the component of the resultant field in the x-y plane for transport purpose.
7493	Intuitively, electric potential is such a quantity, but it is a scalar.
7494	It will be our endeavour now to get an expression for .
7495	Divide the curve into small line elements .
7496	In principle, substances are characterized by their equation of state.
7497	Therefore, once the equation of state of the substance around the black hole is known, the substance category is determined, at least approximately.
7498	R s approximately describes the size of the shadow and δ s measures its deformation with respect to the reference circle.
7499	The axion's low mass and feeble couplings lead to unconventional search techniques.
7500	Timestepping is done with a leapfrog integrator with individual time-steps for each particle.
7501	While beyond the scope of this paper, an explanation for the distribution shape may lie with merger history, the influence of the baryonic disk and the incompleteness of gravitational virialization.
7502	Note that every coproduct of a Kac algebra K is an action of K on itself.
7503	By nonsingularity of a group action, we mean that the action preserves the null sets with respect to the measure in question.
7504	Proposition 2.6.
7505	Indeed, proper understanding of their observable properties by means of theoretical models is of key importance for studying the evolution of stellar populations and their host galaxies.
7506	This work is organized as follows: In Sec.
7507	It should be noted that having an environment at zero temperatures is not possible in practice.
7508	Then Alice and Bob will reach an agreement for measuring the two observableQ andR by Alice on her particle.
7509	First the weak measurement is performed on bipartite quantum system AB, then the decoherence affects on each part of the system independently, and at last the measurement reversal is performed on decohered system.
7510	Here we considered the generalized amplitude damping channel and depolarizing channel as the environmental noises.
7511	In Section 2 we estimate analytically under which conditions a jet can successfully propagate through the CE.
7512	As discussed in Section 2, the jet needs a ram pressure larger than that of the material accreting onto the compact object in order to successfully propagate through the stellar envelope.
7513	As the injected energy is smaller, the jet needs a larger value of η to be able to successfully drill through the bulge and moves slower through the stellar medium.
7514	During its propagation, the jet deposits energy into a cocoon, which expands mainly upstream with a velocity of order of a half of the jet velocity.
7515	For values of η 225 the jet is drowned by the accreting material.
7516	If the efficiency is low, the energy deposited by the jet in the envelope is smaller than the binding energy.
7517	Althought in this paper we have considered only the case of a jet created during the CE, a different scenario would be that of a pre-existing disk/jet formed during the masstransfer phase.
7518	The jet will only interact with the outskirts of the CE in this case.
7519	However, the donor star may eventually fill its Roche lobe again and lead to another CE phase.
7520	A therapy study was conducted to compare the therapeutic efficacy of 90 Y-radiolabeled C2B8 and B4 in comparison to controls.
7521	The expression of CD20 on Ramos cells was about three-fold more than CD19 expression, but the affinity of anti-B4 to CD19 antigen was about 10-fold greater than affinity of C2B8 to CD20 surface antigen.
7522	In addition, the native anti-CD20 antibodies have intrinsic anti-lymphoma activity that adds efficacy to the RIT.
7523	Therefore, the therapeutic advantages of B4 in this model may be related to the increased uptake and retention of radioactivity delivered by 90 Y-B4 as compared to 90 Y-C2B8 due to its greater immunoreactivity, larger antigen binding affinity, and more rapid internalization into Ramos cells.
7524	He noticed a reduced physical working capacity.
7525	Endosonography with transesophageal fine-needle puncture was performed to obtain tissue for histopathology.
7526	Acrokeratosis neoplastica or Bazex-syndrome is a rare obligate paraneoplasia.
7527	The scientific case includes time-resolved studies of dynamics on sub-ps scales, structural studies by imaging of non-periodic systems, especially in structural biology, and investigation of high-energy density phenomena such as the phase diagram of warm dense matter and non-linear x-ray optics.
7528	He seeks to demonstrate that Maimonides rejected any ''ontological'' status for the holy but instead portrayed holiness as a purely ''functional'' consequence of religiously commanded actions.
7529	In the text, rather than translate Hellner-Eshed's translation, I have used the language of Sontag's original essay.
7530	Conflict and harmony among the sefirot and the dramas of the tragic separations and erotic unions of male and female divine personages form the background out of which the Zohar creates its mystical homilies and flights of mythological imagination.
7531	Now it is not .
7532	We must learn to see more, to hear more, to feel more.
7533	In this conception of the Zohar, Hellner-Eshed avowedly follows in the footsteps of her mentor, Yehuda Liebes, who has used the term ''renaissance'' to describe the Zohar's self-aware stance in relation to the tradition it seeks to renew.
7534	This delight is reflected in her insistence on reproducing lengthy passages from the Zohar, both in the original Aramaic and in her own Hebrew translation, in order to give the reader a sense of the aesthetic pleasure offered by the work's sheer beauty.
7535	R. Abba does not limit himself to a homily which describes the overflow that descends to the worlds as a result of the coupling of the King and Queen, but rather, calls down the descent of the overflow upon himself and the companions.
7536	The verse from the Song of Songs is read as a visualization of the climax of the erotic tension prior to coupling.
7537	In other words, I stand outside the boundaries of the ''traditional participant'' in this body of knowledge and I am free from submission to the power of its traditional authority.
7538	And yet, one might even argue that it is precisely Hellner-Eshed's relative inattention to the Zohar's dark side that leaves out some of the richest aspects of the work.
7539	IV.
7540	It is also this feature which serves as a bridge for Halbertal between medieval scholarship and present-day concerns, and which, no doubt, played a strong motivating role in the writing of this monograph.
7541	Under the cloak of esotericism, radically conflicting positions were integrated into the heart of Judaism.
7542	Halbertal, however, presents a critique of this putative modern antiesotericism.
7543	In the Zohar, the dialectic between revelation and concealment is no longer simply a question of esotericist writing strategy, as in Maimonides, or a struggle of the writer's desire to conceal in the face of external pressures to reveal, as in the Ramban, but rather is inter-22.
7544	However, experimental research of the ground effect to evaluate the performance of a flapping foil power generator is limited in the literature.
7545	It has a main test section of 790 mm depth and 1010 mm width.
7546	The data was block averaged within a window of 100 data points which resulted in an effective 100 Hz sampling rate and then phase averaged to downscale data to one period.
7547	The roll-up radius of this clockwise rotating vortex grows as the flat plate continues the upstroke motion while a positive vortex starts to form from the trailing edge.
7548	The formation trend of flow structures along the span is alike for all the sinusoidal and non-sinusoidal pitch reversal cases investigated in this study; the negative LEV tend to shrink and stays closer to the upper surface of the flat plate at the 1/4-span plane.
7549	In Figure 6a , half period of the oscillatory motion of the flat plate is represented with 8 images and the laser illumination plane is at 1/2 span position.
7550	The interaction of the LEV with the flat plate dictates the time averaged power output; the contribution of plunging motion to the total power coefficient can be sustained during the translation phase of the flat plate.
7551	The degradation in performance is due to LEV and tip vortex interactions in three-dimensional cases which create shrinkage in size in the vortical structures at the upper surface where they tend to stay closer to the flat plate.
7552	The vorticity concentrations around and in the near wake of the flapping flat plate show that early shedding of higher strength vortices occur when the pitch reversal rate is increased.
7553	The results imply that there's an optimum wall distance using side-walls in flapping foil power generation that might be a way to compensate for the loss from stroke reversals at maximum and minimum plunge positions predominantly for sinusoidal flapping.
7554	The irradiation conditions were summarized in Table 3 .
7555	Solution-annealed 316L has less dislocation lines and none of precipitates in matrix.
7556	In this irradiation condition, both interstitials and vacancies can move appreciably.
7557	In Figure 3 , a dark field image obtained by using the streaks in diffraction pattern, which were relrods from Frank loops.
7558	Irradiation-induced defects in electron-irradiated 316L before and after annealing were summarized in Table 3 .
7559	After annealing shown in Fig.
7560	In this 25 study, the volatile aroma compounds of the elite millet variety Jingu 21 were 26 investigated at different cooking times, pH, processing methods, and compared with 27 3 other varieties.
7561	It thus generates a demand for high-value logs from primary forests, which are often traded illegally.
7562	However, leakage remains an issue in the implementation of forest protection policies, especially when it is due to illegal trade.
7563	Illegal logging is a major source of degradation of high-quality forests.
7564	Demand-driven displacement after 1991 was calculated as the difference between total displacement and policy-induced leakage.
7565	The third step was to compare annually the displacement to the increment in commercially harvestable growing stock in Vietnam's forests.
7566	Her ankle was markedly tender over the lateral border of the talus.
7567	The finding of emperipolesis, a phenomenon characterized by phagocytosis of intact lymphocytes or plasma cells by histiocytes, was diagnostic and was best observed on the cytology.
7568	However, the lesion was not expansile.
7569	Typically, unicameral bone cysts are mildly expansile and aneurysmal bone cysts are more expansile.
7570	However, it also may occur in the tarsal bones and the iliac crest.
7571	None of these histologic features are consistent with our case presentation.
7572	Respondents were more conservative for procedures being done in the cervical or thoracic spine or for advanced procedures requiring large needles or multiple manipulations within the spinal canal such as kyphoplasty or spinal cord stimulation trials and implants.
7573	They compared outcomes and liability characteristics of 284 pain management claims to 5125 surgical/obstetric claims.
7574	The initial disease association was made when biallelic RTEL1 variants were shown to cause early onset of a severe form of DC and HH.
7575	Telomere length measurement is now widely used and our experience here is that the heterozygotes, who are often more elderly, may have telomere lengths that are short, but not necessarily very short.
7576	Therefore, in order to assign an accurate status to each RTEL1 variant, detailed clinical and laboratory studies are necessary.
7577	Carotid plaques from patients with ipsilateral stroke demonstrated infiltration of the fibrous cap by inflammatory cells.
7578	Conversion of clopidogrel to its active form by the cytochrome P450 system depends highly on CYP enzyme, which has significant genetic variability.
7579	Parental anticoagulation with unfractionated heparin or low molecular weight heparin is also not recommended for patients with extracranial carotid atherosclerosis with acute ischemic stroke or TIA.
7580	Surgery offered little to no long-term benefits in patients with complete or near occlusion.
7581	Patients undergoing general anesthesia for CEA should undergo intraoperative monitoring of cerebral function to determine the need for shunting during arterial clamping.
7582	Several different patch materials have been described in the literature, including the use of bovine pericardium, vein, polyethylene terephthalate, and polytertrafluoroethyelene.
7583	However, the study incurred a selection bias by excluding patients from the CEA arm who were considered a priori to have exceedingly high risk for complication.
7584	The outcomes with CEA and CAS also appeared to be affected by age, with a crossover occurring at approximately 70 years.
7585	However, there were several factors in the EVA-3S trial that may have confounded its results, including inadequate training requirements for operators performing CAS and no uniform requirement for the use of EPDs.
7586	Although experts have agreed that the EVA-3S trial results should not affect management guidelines, the trial has highlighted the importance of rigorous and standardized training criteria required for interventionists performing carotid stent placement.
7587	Dual-antiplatelet therapy consisting of aspirin 81 to 325 mg daily and clopidogrel 75 mg daily is recommended before CAS and for a minimum of 30 days after CAS, after which at least 1 antiplatelet agent should be continued long term.
7588	Other more advanced noninvasive imaging, such as MRA and CTA, can be used when US yields equivocal results or is not available.
7589	Comprehensive risk-factor management should be used in these patients, including blood pressure control, cholesterol management, diabetes management, weight loss, cessation of smoking, and other lifestyle modifications.
7590	Furthermore, the Michelson interferometer as well as the modecleaner system needs to be operated in an ultra-high vacuum to avoid contamination of the mirrors and to reduce the effect of fluctuations of the refractive index of the air.
7591	A single cavity would need to have such a high finesse to satisfy this requirement that the throughput would be limited.
7592	To suppress the coupling of seismic noise to the optics in the GEO 600 detection window of approximately 50 Hz to 1 kHz, there are different stages of filtering mechanisms.
7593	The final alignment is done by applying offset currents through the local control coils described below.
7594	The resonance frequencies of the violin modes of the lower wires are predicted by our MATLAB model to be 195 Hz and are measured to be in between 190.6 Hz and 197.1 Hz.
7595	A rigid structure extending from the top plate supports the coils.
7596	To stabilize the laser frequency to the resonance frequency of the first cavity we use the well-known Pound-Drever-Hall sideband technique.
7597	This is achieved by using a thermal and a piezo drive acting on the master laser crystal and an EOM as a fast phase shifter.
7598	Figure 3 shows a sketch of 90 h where the visibility of both modecleaners is monitored.
7599	It is necessary to damp the Q of the fibres' violin modes to keep the Michelson lock servo stable.
7600	In the low-frequency regime up to 1 Hz the spectrum is dominated by seismically induced motion.
7601	Gastric cancer is a highly prevalent disease with an impact on morbidity and mortality.
7602	When a mouse died, the number of days of survival was recorded.
7603	Immunohistochemical detection of VEGF and CD31.
7604	All procedures were implemented according to the manufacturer's instructions, respectively.
7605	Cytoplasmic staining was scored positive for VEGF.
7606	When LDM capecitabine was combined with EGCG, tumor growth delays were more remarkable and enduring.
7607	It is possible that the shared downstream targets are important for driving and sustaining iNKT fate during and after TCR selection.
7608	Given the transcriptional and functional similarities between iNKT and γδNKT cells, and their expansion in Id-deficient mice, we wanted to further examine if Id proteins regulate the lineage competition in these two innate-like populations, by eliminating γδ lineage development and expansion.
7609	These data suggest lineage competition between γδNKT and iNKT lineages in Id-deficient mice.
7610	The divergence of iNKT and innate-like T cells from conventional T cells prior to TCR selection has also been proposed in other mouse models with physiological levels of E protein activity.
7611	Here, we characterized E2A-driven transcription programs that promote innate-like T cell development prior to TCR selection and independent of pre-TCR signaling, which are otherwise suppressed by Id proteins.
7612	All cells were sorted in FACS buffer using a MoFlo XDP cell sorter.
7613	Scatter plots were generated using a custom R script.
7614	This component is realized by the students, the practice coordinator, and the mentor.
7615	The students of the Pedagogy of Primary and Preschool Education specialization undergo several stages in the realization of the teaching practice.
7616	Following the observations and assessments completed, the students will realize specific materials, exhibited in a personal portfolio.
7617	Furthermore, the students will know how to create a daily, and a weekly schedule, in accordance with the psycho-pedagogical requirements of its realization.
7618	Also important is the development, in students, of empathy, as a cornerstone of efficient communication.
7619	The students will know and realize the presentation of the child development profiles for the ages of 6 through 10.
7620	Other sources used in the assembly of their portfolio, which the students have stated, are: the internet and the personal experience of each of them.
7621	We start with a brief theoretical review of research on post-internationalization survival of new ventures.
7622	The literature on "imprinting" also has it that the firms' decision to internationalize early in their life cycle, imprints a self-reinforcing path dependence in capability development.
7623	In self-selection scenarios, the selection of firms into the mutually exclusive treatment and control groups is deliberately chosen by the firm rather than being randomly assigned.
7624	Our Decision to Internationalize variable is highly skewed and using methods for normalizing it, significantly disturbs observations.
7625	Consistent with extant research, we condition on a set of observable control variables that can potentially have an effect on international sales or survival, aka our treatment and outcome variables.
7626	In addition, we control for past entrepreneurial experiences of the top management, by adding a variable, which we name Other Business, that equals one if any of the firm founders had a start-up experience before founding their current firm, and zero if they did not.
7627	We use the logarithm of this amount to account for the skewness of firm size.
7628	As discussed above, firms might internationalize in an effort to gain legitimacy in competing with incumbents in their industry.
7629	Therefore, we predict that the level of internationalization in an industry, would have a role in the firms' decision to internationalize.
7630	In other words, internationalization is not a passive incident in the life cycle of a firm, but an active decision made by new ventures which is enabled by their idiosyncratic capabilities.
7631	This is one of the limitations of treatment effects models when the outcome variable is binary.
7632	In the end, however, whether or not we admit positive survival effects as a consequence of new venture internationalization, should be a question settled not by theoretical debate, but empirically, and by the quality and quantity of evidence that accumulates over time in future studies.
7633	In this study, we have only taken an early step that can be further explored in future research.
7634	Proofs, as well as auxiliary discussions and results, can be found in the Appendix.
7635	It is also relevant to the in…ll assumption under which we let time intervals between adjacent observations shrink to zero as the sample size n tends to in…nity.
7636	These two comparisons suggest the bene…ts of using our results.
7637	Here, we consider an array whose observation intervals shrink to zero as n !
7638	We can derive convergence results without A3.
7639	B1.
7640	Condition B3 is quite standard.
7641	Commonly, aqueous reactions proceed substantially faster than mineral reactions, with the former sometimes achieving equilibrium in microseconds, while the latter requiring several days to many years.
7642	Therefore, it is possible to assume a mineral reaction in equilibrium and an aqueous reaction out of equilibrium at any instant.
7643	As a result, we achieve both accuracy and efficiency throughout the calculation.
7644	In this section we present the governing equations that model the compositional evolution of a chemical system subject to reactions controlled by kinetics and equilibrium.
7645	However, the algorithm is designed to be coupled to a transport simulator in future work.
7646	The reactions in geochemical systems proceed with different speeds.
7647	Therefore, a simplification is necessary to allow larger time steps for efficient integration and still provide accurate calculations.
7648	Assuming all reactions in geochemical processes to be controlled by kinetics can be a daunting task.
7649	Let a e ; a k , and a i denote the set of equilibrium, kinetic and inert species respectively.
7650	The set of equilibrium species a e can be constructed by the union of the species participating in the equilibrium reactions.
7651	The reactions occurring in this system is listed in Table 2 .3.
7652	Alternatively, one can also use a stoichiometric method for the solution of the chemical equilibrium problem.
7653	In Leal et al.
7654	Several numerical methods exist in the literature for the integration of Eq.
7655	From our discussions in the previous sections, however, a suitable method for stiff equations should be adopted because of the large differences that can exist in the speeds of the kinetic reactions.
7656	As a result, modelling these kinetic processes can be hampered by the necessity to handle a multitude of rate equations.
7657	The reaction rate constant j m;i in Eq.
7658	Nevertheless, in order to apply the methodology presented in the previous sections, we neglect all transport processes in this study.
7659	Assume that supercritical carbon dioxide is injected into this system with an amount large enough to saturate the fluid and produce a supercritical CO 2 -rich phase.
7660	The second stage assumes that the injected carbon dioxide achieves equilibrium with the fluid considerably faster than the rock-forming minerals.
7661	This is a reasonable assumption since the speed of mineral dissolution is in general slower than the one for gas dissolution.
7662	By using the chemical kinetics methodology of the previous sections, we can calculate the transient state of the entire system until it achieves equilibrium.
7663	Given the composition of the subsurface fluid and rock, we need to define the multiphase chemical system to be used in our computational modelling.
7664	These are listed in Table 4 .3, which also shows the assumed gaseous and mineral species.
7665	When assuming the dolomite-free Rock 2 in the system, there was no dolomite precipitation for both brines.
7666	The following major parallel reactions were taken into account in their study: The reaction rates given by Eqs.
7667	It can be seen that a good accuracy is achieved for the period of time between 5 min and 1 h for which experimental measurements were available.
7668	The testing was performed in the R2508 complex and W-532, utilizing Edwards, China Lake, and Vandenberg Ranges.
7669	Subsequent Raptor upgrades will include the small diameter bomb to further enhance its air-to-ground role.
7670	JDAMs are employed by over fourteen different aircraft and were first dropped in combat in 1999 during Operation Allied Force.
7671	The Step 2 envelope represents the entire supersonic envelope and will require additional separations and guided releases.
7672	The captive carry flight originated from Nellis AFB, was executed over the Vandenberg AFB sea range, and was controlled by test engineers located at Edwards AFB.
7673	Fortunately, the TC was dual qualified as a TC and TD and was able to take over both responsibilities until a replacement TD could be located.
7674	This contingency plan, along with responsive maintenance personnel, allowed the test to be salvaged and the compressed test time line to be maintained.
7675	Thinking through various contingencies is critical to maintaining test efficiency and safety.
7676	In order to accomplish the test, the F-22A was authorized to fly supersonic outside of normal supersonic airspace.
7677	Extensive prior coordination was required with Edwards and China Lake Range Control Officers to provide this increased supersonic corridor.
7678	The limiting factor for maximizing the downrange release distance for this test was the winds experienced during the release.
7679	The range at which a JDAM can be released is heavily dependent on the winds.
7680	Allhough pre-and post-processing of muJtibody system programs have been improved , there is still no general approach for systematical ly optimizi ng the dynamic behav ior of multi body systems.
7681	In general , the optimization of a design requires several iterative steps of successively analyzing a given design and finding a better onc from thi s infonnation.
7682	However, sometimes it is advantageous to introduce new generalized velocity coordinates, even in the holonomic case.
7683	The lower and upper limits pi and p" can arise from the physical meaning of the parameters, e.g., P.
7684	Due to this interpolation, multi-step integration methods also have an edge on single-step algorithms.
7685	Similar to the combination of forward integration of the equations of motion and performance evaluation , the gradient of I/J can also be computed simultaneously with the backward integration of Eqs.
7686	Thus, the example is welJ-suited to testing the accuracy of both the adjoint variable approach and the approximation by finite differences.
7687	B adjoint variable approach -A finite difference approximation for several parameter penurbations behavior is due to the fact thaI the function 1/1 depends linearly on the parameter Zo and , consequently, the zero-order approximation is exact.
7688	The execution time for analysis of dynamic behavior is taken to be one time unit.
7689	However, it should be noted •• 5.
7690	The present article examines three areas critical to the expanded clinical and research role of SEMG: the use of SEMG in telehealth, the use of telemetry and ambulatory SEMG monitoring, and evidence for the temporal stability or reliability of SEMG measures.
7691	Telehealth involves the use of highresolution television cameras and monitors and high-speed communications lines to deliver treatment over a distance.
7692	To monitor functionality of the hand and fingers, they created integrative software, which included SEMG biofeedback to provide real-time telemedicine feedback on hand functioning to both the patient and the therapist.
7693	For example, many clinicians and researchers postulate that muscle abnormalities may not be present when individuals are at rest but manifest only when people are in motion and going about their lives.
7694	The use of SEMG ambulatory monitoring, although especially exciting for its possible treatment implications, must jump one important hurdle: the assumption that conducting ambulatory monitoring of SEMG will give clinicians important information in helping to determine how to proceed in treatment.
7695	That is, research must demonstrate that tailoring a treatment based on ambulatory monitoring data leads to better treatment outcomes than simply giving patients a standard treatment.
7696	There have been a limited number studies that have utilized ambulatory monitoring of psychophysiological responses, although there are considerably more than in telehealth.
7697	The work of Pettersen and his colleagues is an outstanding example of combining ambulatory SEMG monitoring and applied psychophysiology treatment.
7698	I will summarize one negative report and a series of encouraging reports in this area.
7699	Thus, at least when examined using healthy controls, the reliability of SEMG ambulatory recording appears to be reliable.
7700	This study demonstrates how important it is to examine the reliability of SEMG measures in both healthy controls and clinical populations.
7701	There is a slightly higher prevalence of this disease in males than in females, and it is often associated with genetic disorders such as Li-Fraumeni familiar cancer syndrome and neurofibromatosis type 1 2 .
7702	There is an increasing interest on BH3 mimetics due to their therapeutic potential alone or in combination with other treatments, but the main question that clinicians must face is: when and how to use BH3 mimetics as anti-cancer therapies in the clinic 7 .
7703	Briefly, this technology uses synthetic BH3 peptides derived from BCL-2 family proteins to measure how close cells are to the apoptotic threshold or how primed cells are for death.
7704	However, secondary effects derived from chemotherapy administration in children are severe and may include infertility, cardiomyopathy or the appearance of secondary neoplasia 36 .
7705	MCL-1 can exert its anti-apoptotic function by sequestering BID, thus inhibiting BAX and BAK activation and avoiding apoptosis 35 .
7706	There are different studies focused on trying to develop molecules that could disrupt the interaction between MCL-1 and BID and therefore restore apoptosis 40, 41 .
7707	To our knowledge, this is the first time that multiple effective sequential combinations of chemotherapeutics with BH3 mimetics are reported for RMS in the same study.
7708	All experiments were performed in accordance with the guideline for Ethical Conduct in the Care and Use of Animals as stated in The International Guiding Principles for Biomedical Research Involving Animals, developed by the Council for International Organizations of Medical Sciences.
7709	In Section 2 of the article, a brief overview of the war of 1966 to 1989 will be provided.
7710	SWAPO's military wing, PLAN, henceforth had base facilities in southern Angola, and increased its military activities in SWA/Namibia.
7711	In the years 1966 to 2016, as many as 10 000 South African newspaper articles that deal with the Namibian War of Independence and the war in Angola have probably been published, 9 as well as at least 117 academic journal articles.
7712	All of these publications are, of course, also of an autobiographical nature; keeping in mind that political beliefs can taint memories, and that memories also tend to be selective.
7713	Some of those who took part in the conflict believe they have an obligation to younger people to tell what happened, and to tell what it was like "on the border"; just as some of those who fought in the First and Second World War, and so many other conflicts, had the urge to tell their stories.
7714	Classified documents first had to be declassified before they could be consulted -a process which could take very long.
7715	Significant numbers of SADF and related "war documents" were destroyed in the run-up to the 1994 political change-over, 41 but in the South African Department of Defence's Documentation Centre in Pretoria, there was nevertheless, by 1994 already some 3 680 linear metres of archival material that bear directly on the war "on the border".
7716	Some of these young people are also eager to read more about "what daddy did".
7717	Moreover, it must not be misused for personal, political and/or ideological reasons.
7718	The spate of "Border War" books that are published in South Africa will indeed most probably continue, as there is no sign that it will even out in the foreseeable future.
7719	Of course, the quality of the books vary, but they all bring some kind of perspective, and the literature of the War for Southern Africa can contribute towards a better understanding of the controversial and traumatic events of 1966 to 1989.
7720	The problem of development of nonclassical psychology has already been formulated by various authors.
7721	At the same time, practical psychology demonstrates that there are forms of human behavior that are not subject to a semantic explanation.
7722	This artificial semantic reality becomes more real, relevant and significant for the addicted person.
7723	According to their nature, these simulacra are different from the signs that arise during activity and interiorization process, since they are empty signs, inadequate to reality.
7724	This, apparently, should affect the socio-cultural component of the psyche development of future generations.
7725	This relative gap in the literature, and in particular the gap concerning the African perspective, is one which this article aims to begin filling.
7726	Naturally, India is not one monolithic whole and is broken down into layers of activity where necessary.
7727	Many of the tropes of contemporary SouthSouth cooperation are thus included.
7728	In yet another form of the interests/ideational debate, this article will consider the Ghanaian angle.
7729	How India and Ghana contribute to global shifts in aid thinking is then deduced.
7730	As Africa's fourth largest trading partner after the US, China and the EU, India is now a significant player on the continent.
7731	All these elements are still key in New Delhi's 'development cooperation' in Ghana.
7732	For instance, the first foreign university to set up a campus in Ghana was Indian.
7733	Others noted key Indian individuals amongst the sizeable community who settled in Ghana such as the sports player and coach, DG Hathiramani.
7734	It would appear at face value that there was, then, something special continuing and reflowering in this relationship.
7735	The KACE might then be considered purely as aid but it might also be considered as soft power.
7736	Indeed, the diplomatic training school serving the West African sub-region, in the pipeline with Indian finance under Kuffour, did not happen.
7737	However, this would be far too simple a conclusion.
7738	Thus, India is rolling out its own, in some ways distinctive, notion of South-South cooperation, one that is not radical as in Nehru's day but is still somewhat attractive to states like Ghana.
7739	Indeed, while the rhetoric and ideas behind South-South cooperation have certainly been toned down -there is no longer any real agenda to fundamentally change the global system -there are still ideas, such as Indian 'development cooperation', which are partly ideologically-informed and compete with national interests.
7740	The parameters of the dynamics model, β at and Σ at , are assumed to be unknown for all types t and actions a at the start of learning.
7741	Instead, we will use fitted value iteration to approximately solve the MDP.
7742	The complete algorithm is shown in Algorithm 1.
7743	Then, Strehl et al.
7744	The majority of our analysis will focus on showing that our algorithm fulfills these three criteria.
7745	In Section 4.2, we bound the error it introduces.
7746	Existing work typically assumes the existence of a planning oracle for choosing actions given the estimated model.
7747	We first establish the distance between two dynamics models with different parameters.
7748	The first two assumptions used to prove the above result are that the reward function and probability distribution are Lipschitz-continuous.
7749	The authors demonstrated that, by explicitly representing the types, they could get a significant learning speedup compared to Rmax, which learns a separate dynamics model for each state.
7750	One difficulty of this environment is the difference in dynamics models.
7751	To make this task even more difficult, the actions were limited to going forward, turning left, and turning right.
7752	The reward function was provided to both algorithms.
7753	The state space is three dimensional: x, y, and orientation.
7754	In our algorithm, we used a function approximator of a weighted sum of Gaussians, as described in Section 2.2.
7755	Figure 3 shows the average reward with standard deviation for each of the algorithms over three runs.
7756	Both algorithms are able to receive near-optimal reward on a consistent basis choosing similar paths to the goal.
7757	In summary, the results on this task are encouraging since they indicate our algorithm can quickly and efficiently learn a good policy in a real-world environment with switching noisy offset dynamics.
7758	In this work, we have assumed that the state types are fully observable.
7759	In addition, a b-lactamase test was performed on each isolate by using the nitrocefin test.
7760	Detection of the cfiA gene PCR analysis was performed to detect the presence of the cfiA gene in B. fragilis isolates included in the present study as well as in the 2004 survey.
7761	Fusobacterium spp.
7762	In order to allow valid comparison of results with earlier data, susceptibility rates found in previous Belgian surveys are Wybo et al.
7763	After reinterpretation of the raw data from our previous surveys, very few changes in susceptibility rates were observed.
7764	Clindamycin showed a clear trend towards decreasing activity against Prevotella spp.
7765	Meropenem and metronidazole remain the two most potent agents for the treatment of anaerobic infections, although organisms resistant to each of them were detected.
7766	This work was supported by grants from Bayer, Brussels, Pfizer, Brussels and AstraZeneca, Brussels.
7767	Exp-t has been reported to have a major role in eEF1A-mediated export, though Exp-5, which preferentially exports pre-miRNAs, has been reported to be involved in the nuclearcytoplasmic transport of tRNAs in some cases.
7768	One of the proposed unconventional functions of eEF1A is a role in the regulation of cytoskeletal dynamics.
7769	Results represent the mean of three independent experiments.
7770	These results demonstrate that the N-terminus of Nef is not required for eEF1A binding, and that the Nef fragment encoding amino acids 55-206 is sufficient.
7771	Results are representative of three independent experiments.
7772	Protein expression was analyzed by western blot.
7773	In rNef-treated MDMs, the rNef-mediated nuclearcytoplasmic relocalization of eEF1A was dependent on Exp-t.
7774	MDM cultures were transfected with a scrambled control siRNA, Exp-t siRNA, Exp-1 siRNA, or Exp-5 siRNA.
7775	Results representative of two independent experiments are shown Detection of apoptosis.
7776	Recent data suggested that a positive adenovirus DNA detection in blood plasma or serum has a good specific predictive value for the occurrence of adenovirus disseminated disease in allogeneic stem cell paediatric recipients.
7777	Every 2 weeks, stool and NPA specimens were sent routinely to the laboratory in order to screen for adenovirus and other enteric or respiratory viruses.
7778	The 35 cycles were followed by a single extension cycle at 721C for 5 min.
7779	However, there is no information in the literature indicating if adenoviruses from other species than C are also capable of inducing a persistent or latent infection.
7780	To our knowledge, no recent epidemiological data on the spread of adenovirus strain A31 in the community are available.
7781	In the series of Legrand et al.
7782	Therefore it is important to control artificial process, but is it ethical any effort for the humanization of super-intelligence?
7783	Unlike mankind, AI applications can use and manipulate the storage knowledge through scientific or social networks in a more efficient way.
7784	The 10,000 steps group wore an unsealed pedometer which they were able to open and view the number of steps accumulated throughout the day.
7785	Before the study commenced, all 32 participants wore a sealed Yamax Digi-Walker SW-200 pedometer to record the amount of steps they accumulated over a one week period, in order to collect baseline data.
7786	Differences between groups were analysed using one-way analysis of variance.
7787	This was similar to our present study where the 10,000 steps group averaged 10,847 ± 1006 steps per day compared to the 30 minutes group who averaged 7786 ± 850 steps per day, after 12 weeks intervention.
7788	They all signed a form to acknowledge that they understood these instructions and would abide by them.
7789	Another study limitation involved limited information as to how participants undertook their physical activity.
7790	Second, based on the network topology module, settle a Cyber-power model for two composite networks.
7791	A simple topology model is described as an example.
7792	Like safety, the reliability of CPS must consider both information system and physical system, especially the mutual influence between them.
7793	Considering the strong coupling between dual networks, we, in order to ensure the safety of electric power system, should not only minimize the probability of electrical equipment failure, but also increase overall system security and stability from the perspective of information network systems.
7794	Information network node operation requires power supply from power grids, and the functioning of power grid nodes requires services from information and communication networks both interactive and interdependent.
7795	With the increase of the threshold, the node route may increase, the uncertainty of the total information network decreases, and the probability increases.
7796	We would also like to mention that some similar topics to the above for stochastic ordinary functional differential equations with finite delays have already been investigated successfully by various authors cf.
7797	Let β n t , n 1, 2, .
7798	Suppose that Z t : Ω → H α , t ≥ −r, is a continuous F t -adapted, H α -valued stochastic process, we can associate with another process Z t : Ω → C α , t ≥ 0 , by setting Z t θ ω Z t θ ω , θ ∈ −r, 0 .
7799	We divide the subsequent proof into three steps.
7800	Therefore, ΨZ t is continuous on the interval 0, T in the L p -sense.
7801	Since T is arbitrary in the proof of the previous theorem, this assertion follows immediately.
7802	Non-treated cells remained viable with removal of these supplements.
7803	As well, other evidence suggests mtDNAencoded molecules are related to the resistance to cisplatininduced apoptosis: Ara et al.
7804	Hence, downstream events involved in the control of apoptosis from BCL2/BAX may be involved in the changes in sensitivity noted to cisplatininduced apoptosis.
7805	Filters were exposed to film between 2 ± 3 days at 7808.
7806	Figure 2 presents the sintering temperature dependent emission intensity of the phosphors synthesized above.
7807	Note that, with the increase of the sintering temperature, the emission intensities of all the samples increased firstly, and then fell down after the emission intensity reached the maximum value.
7808	Then the emission intensity was decreased as the adding amounts were further increased.
7809	From Figure 4 , it is known that the proper flux adding amount used in synthesizing sample can obtain optimal emission intensity of the phosphor.
7810	This may be ascribed to every given host material having its proper flux material, which enhances the crystallinity and particle morphology of the resultant powder, finally resulting in improved photoluminescence properties.
7811	Speed independence is quantified in the similarity of the postural and endpoint position-orientation paths obtained under three different speeds.
7812	There is no need to know the final posture as in Ref.
7813	There was enough time between the recorded instruction and the beep so that subjects could visually locate the target.
7814	At the end of the movement, subjects waited at the target for a short beep, which indicated the recording was over and they could move their arm back to the starting position.
7815	Each sample group had 36 trajectories.
7816	This reduces their multivariate information to a single scalar.
7817	Two questions of interest are whether, in orientation matching, the kinematic aspects of movement still remain independent from changes in speed and whether there is coarticulation between changes in position and orientation of the hand.
7818	Together with the path similarities, this result accounts for a single geometric strategy robust to changes in the temporal dynamics of the motion.
7819	Figure 5B shows this result for one subject's motions to one target.
7820	D: parsing the degrees of freedom relevant to this task: the joint angle increment vector at each step in time is obtained from the postural data paths.
7821	The 3 nonsmooth remaining paths reflect the subspace of redundant parameters.
7822	Offline integration of the gradient vector for n steps is also possible to compute the full or partial path to the target for action.
7823	This principle is the same regardless of the coordinate representations of choice.
7824	Across all three experimental conditions we tried, the position and orientation discrepancies decreased at the same rate.
7825	In both instances, the speed profiles are not unimodal and the coarticulation parameter ␣ is no longer constant along the entire movement path.
7826	The patient denied drug allergies.
7827	Vital signs were notable for a blood pressure of 138/72 mm Hg, a pulse of 72 beats/min, a respiratory rate of 20 breaths/min, and a temperature of 98.6°F.
7828	Laboratory evaluation included a normal complete blood count and differential.
7829	Metabolic acidosis and elevations of lactate, pyruvate, lactate-to-pyruvate ratio, alanine, tricarboxylic acid cycle intermediates, dicarboxylic acids, or a generalized aminoaciduria can be important diagnostic clues to the presence of an oxidative phosphorylation disease.
7830	Therapy for mitochondrial disease is still controversial; however, we know that early recognition and treatment of these diseases can halt their progression.
7831	Unexplained elevation of the anion gap suggests mitochondrial disease.
7832	We then give an overview of our approach to configuration.
7833	Even a strictly geographic routing algorithm will cut corners and pass through walls if it shortens the physical path.
7834	With localization techniques, it is possible to estimate logical locations from physical coordinates; we review a number of systems in Section 7.
7835	Second, follow-me requires building-like topologies: long, linear segments, parallel hallways with moderate density nodes.
7836	In many instances sensor nodes are deployed sequentially, perhaps being dropped one by one by a single person or vehicle.
7837	When a node is in passive state, pressing the button will bring the node to active state.
7838	When a node is in receptive state, pressing the button will bring the node to passive state.
7839	By pressing a button, the central node of the first segment is put into active state.
7840	Besides manual link repairs, we also would like a mechanism to automatically handle single node failures.
7841	This process assumes that radio range is at least twice the distance between neighbors, a typical configuration since radios in sensor networks easily reach 20m indoors or more and node placement is typically 3-5m apart.
7842	Most implementation issues are related to interactions with lower layers.
7843	We use a command packet to carry these parameters and trigger the sequence.
7844	On the other hand network administrators may still want to change configurations periodically for network maintenance.
7845	A person who wishes to reconfigure the follow-me system can simply switch on a key node and carry it with him/her.
7846	We propose an interactive way to simplify the configuration process.
7847	As we want to put sensor nodes beside office doorways, power outlets are rarely available.
7848	In our tests MICA2DOT nodes worked till the battery voltage dropped to 2.2v, which corresponds to battery capacity of about 1200mAh according to manufacturer's manual.
7849	The user interface of the follow-me application needs time synchronization to produce blinking patterns.
7850	As the shortest MAC active period is limited by timing and energy consumption constrains, sleep period must be longer for lower duty cycle modes.
7851	Relatively simple topologies of ISI and SAL lead to small numbers of manual configurations.
7852	In such algorithms, simulated forces between nodes drive them to positions where attractive and repulsive forces are balanced, in effect the system converges to a state with lowest springembedder energy.
7853	The estimation algorithm then combines these two pieces of information and runs the spring-embedder model to derive physical coordinate estimations.
7854	Figure 9 shows the result of the location estimation algorithm, corresponding to maps in Figure 8 , with two possible anchor sets for OHE.
7855	In these figures, circled dots indicate landmark nodes with known locations.
7856	For example, our system assumes near uniform node density between landmarks, and it only locates nodes that belong to the network.
7857	From the table we can see the typical location error of our method is lower than RADAR and higher than other systems, and the precision ratio of our method is higher than Cricket v1 and lower than other systems.
7858	The deployment order method presented in this paper is designed to provide logical location directly and efficiently to sensor network applications.
7859	Other researchers have used physical deployment to infer information about system configuration.
7860	Signal strength might be a useful indication of trail affinity, providing a rough but sufficient estimate of spatial distance.
7861	We also evaluated the addition of landmarks to compute estimated physical node locations from logical locations.
7862	Lampuuk Beach is fully visited by the visitor both domestic and international everyday to look and observe the beautiful natural panoramic, and it is more beautiful in sunset time, it will show the beautiful blue sea with the white sand surrounding.
7863	There is also a beautiful natural cave can be visited there.
7864	Lampuuk Beach lays from the north to the south, sandy beach and located in the bay, so it is suitable to be the family recreation place, such as for swimming or only enjoying the beauty panoramic.
7865	The guarantee that the place is save enough become the main factor in the investment.
7866	To gather the tourists, one of the methods is promoting the product or tourism object widely.
7867	The government routine develops the infrastructure and tool in Lampuuk Beach so that the amount of domestic international tourists will increase day by day, including transportation to the tourism areas.
7868	Data are reported as numbers and percentages for discrete variables, and as median and range for continuous variables according to whether normal distributed or not.
7869	Cytogenetic analysis performed before therapy with CdA was normal in 23 and disclosed no mitoses in 2 patients.
7870	In patients with a normal karyotype, median OS was not attained after a median follow-up of 44 months.
7871	This model is then used to solve the standard source permutation and scale factor ambiguities encountered for each frequency after the audio blind separation stage.
7872	The proposed method is shown to be efficient in the case of 2 2 convolutive mixtures and offers promising perspectives for extracting a particular speech source of interest from complex mixtures.
7873	On this basis, Schwartz et al.
7874	Deligne et al.
7875	Finally, we show that the new AV model is efficient.
7876	Moreover, in this study, Pham et al.
7877	In other words, this means that, at best, the proposed method will only ensure that the components actually correspond to the source of interest, without any constraint on the other estimated sources.
7878	So to improve the criterion, we introduce the possibility to cumulate the probabilities over time.
7879	That is why we propose in this study to use a new audiovisual criterion to estimate the scale factor.
7880	This means that the global filter is close to a diagonal filter.
7881	Note that our presented method uses criteria which only consider one source of interest.
7882	However, there is recent progress at the early and late ends of a credible origin chain.
7883	Chance utility is indispensable because it allows environment-directed modification of purely chemical pools, allowing them to evolve toward inheritance.
7884	Further, it could easily change to replicate, even if it did not begin with this property.
7885	In that earlier calculation, all molecules were unstable, in order to demonstrate that short lives are not an insuperable bar to biological behavior.
7886	A numerical anchor focusses analysis of nucleotide concentrations.
7887	In contrast, activated nucleotide appears at the same mean frequency as the two more stable molecules, but subsequently decays during the next few lifetimes.
7888	The mean behavior of 1000 pools like that in Fig.
7889	This approach gives rise to a serviceable approximation for pN and template polymer in early pools.
7890	Figure 1b shows that average pools can be efficient.
7891	In other words, a selected distribution is shifted to higher mean product concentrations.
7892	Squares and solid lines are mildly selected, and triangles are strongly selected.
7893	Thus periodic and constant hazard pools differ only slightly for low outputs.
7894	The dashed line is a linear least squares fit to early temp/chem versus NppM.
7895	The Scheme 2 mechanism was revealed by computation, but is plausible independent of any specific kinetic, chemical, or mathematical assumption.
7896	A 50 year lifetime implies decay at 4.6 9 10 -5 per imidazolide lifetime, the rate used for nucleotides here.
7897	In order to meet these challenges a fully controlled directed differentiation and transdifferentiation is needed.
7898	Next, Mitf expression was induced in all of the indicated preparations by addition of Dox to the growth media for 6 days.
7899	Mitf, Tyrp2, Trpm1, and Tyrosinase mRNA levels were evaluated at day 6 post Dox induction.
7900	Similarly, analysis of OCT4 and GATA4 bound genes revealed significant enrichment in genes involved in cardiac development, which is known to be regulated by GATA4 40, 41 .
7901	This strengthens our hypothesis that there is a transcriptional regulatory competition between MITF and OCT4.
7902	We also demonstrated that MITF was able to transdifferentiate the investigated somatic cells.
7903	This suggests that OCT4 may inhibit the induction of differentiation by MITF in pluripotent cells by physical interaction with MITF, thus interfering MITF from regulating its target genes.
7904	Lineage specific transcription factors are highlighted in colors corresponding to the Venn diagrams in a. f Right: Hi-C map of human lymphoblastoid cells.
7905	Melanocytes were extracted from the epidermis.
7906	All qRT-PCR primers are listed in Supplementary Table 2 .
7907	Immunostaining.
7908	Beads were washed 5 times with IP buffer.
7909	Overlapping domains were removed keeping the shortest domains of each region.
7910	We further explored the distance of OCT4 peaks from promoter/enhancer-MITF peaks up to 10 kb.
7911	The authors declare that all data supporting the findings of this study are available within the article and its Supplementary Information files or from the corresponding author upon reasonable request.
7912	This masks substantial heterogeneity.
7913	The 1998 survey was the closest survey to the 1999 and 2004 surveys, and simultaneously collected information on both country of birth and ethnicity.
7914	All non-Irish-born are excluded from our sample, resulting in 7,883 observations.
7915	The LII survey design is similar to the HSE.
7916	Although health disadvantages of Irish migrants to England are well documented, there is little agreement on the source of these disadvantages and reasons for heterogeneity.
7917	Childhood Abuse in Ireland Table 1 presents data by 10-year birth cohorts on prevalence of childhood abuse before age 18 of Irish residents in Ireland as derived from TILDA.
7918	Forty percent of cases involved multiple abuses.
7919	However, the magnitude of the negative migration selection of Irish-born migrants to England among oldest birth cohorts and the positive migration selection of Irish-born migrants to England in the youngest birth cohorts is larger for men compared with women.
7920	We simplify this model by assuming that individual i consumes all their income y i .
7921	Substituting Eqs.
7922	During the latter part of the twentieth century, Ireland experienced rapid economic growth relative to England.
7923	Those who suffered mental distress as children or young adults associated with their family or school life in Ireland may feel less mental distress from migrating to a country that is not associated with these problems.
7924	The empirical counterpart of our theoretical model is Our outcome Ed mci is the education of an Irish migrant mi to England from birth cohort c. First and foremost, this is influenced by mean gender-specific education of the Irish birth cohort Ed ci , of which each respondent is a member.
7925	Greater selectively for men compared with women is expected given that, on average, male migration is more focused on labor market reasons than is female migration.
7926	Irish-born migrants living in England are characterized by the highest rates of having ever smoked, but their current smoking behavior is more in line with that of the other groups.
7927	We developed and tested a model of immigrant selection that explicitly incorporates high physic costs associated with staying in the sending country.
7928	The implication of Notes: Standard errors are in parentheses.
7929	We present evidence that many children born in Ireland suffered high levels of childhood physical and sexual abuse and that rates of childhood abuse were far higher among Irish migrants than those staying in Ireland.
7930	We also provide a test of a model of effects of assimilation into England by Irish-born migrants on a set of health outcomes and poor health behaviors.
7931	The extension of migrant selection to include psychic costs associated with sending countries applies to those cases as well.
7932	NR adolescent participants at T0 were approached by telephone by our researchers for the T1 assessment and the general goals of the JOiN study were explained.
7933	The NR adolescents first participated in a stress procedure, conducted at a laboratory of the Erasmus Medical Center, Department of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry.
7934	All patients who had a child in the age range of 12-20 years received an information package on the study, and were asked if they approved of their child to participate.
7935	For the NR population, this procedure started with filling out a questionnaire set, followed by a ten minute pre-task resting period, after which the social stress tasks began.
7936	The stress session ended with a five minute recovery period and a subsequent calm nature documentary that was shown for 25 minutes for further relaxation.
7937	Heart rate data were stored offline to be analyzed at a subsequent moment and were visually checked for artefacts.
7938	Online signals were recorded with a low-pass filter of 134 Hz.
7939	The DISC has two parallel forms: DISC-C administered directly to the adolescent, and DISC-P administered to the parent or parent substitute.
7940	Both are used in the present study.
7941	Another weakness of the study is that some possibly important determinants of psychopathology that operate earlier in life, such as birth outcomes and prenatal influences, have been assessed retrospectively or not at all.
7942	However, Pseudomonas infection in the thoracic and lung cavities could not be controlled.
7943	However, bleeding from the cavity repeatedly occurred six months before admission, and he again experienced haemorrhagic shock one month before admission.
7944	In this cohort, waist and hip circumferences were correlated with height.
7945	Thus, to investigate the associations of these measures independent of height, we calculated height-adjusted waist and hip circumferences as the residuals using separate least-squares regression models with height as the independent variable and the circumference measure as the dependent variable.
7946	Participants contributed person-months of follow-up time starting from the return of the 1987 questionnaire until the date of diabetes diagnosis, date of death, or until 31 January 1992.
7947	To distinguish between the effects of early BMI and cur-rent BMI, we classified men jointly by relative weight at age 21 and categories of weight gain since age 21.
7948	Recent weight gain was strongly associated with the risk of diabetes.
7949	Men who had fathers, mothers, or a sibling with a history of diabetes were considered to have a positive family history of diabetes.
7950	Excluded from the population for analysis were 15,496 men who did not provide complete waist and hip circumference measurements.
7951	As stated in METHODS, in this cohort, self-reported circumferences contain random error, especially when calculating WHR, because this ratio has reduced between-person variation and includes error from both circumference measurements.
7952	In this study, self-reported diabetes was confirmed by a supplementary questionnaire.
7953	Furthermore, when we removed the cases diagnosed in the first 2 years of follow-up, the results were not appreciably different from those presented.
7954	Born on 1 August 1954 and educated as a biochemist in the 1980s, Jack showed an interest in bioinformatics early in his scientific career.
7955	At the end of 2002, he accepted the position of Chair in Bioinformatics at the Department of Plant Sciences of the Wageningen University and Research Center.
7956	It is hard to overstate the contribution that Jack made to bioinformatics education and training, especially to end users coming from biological backgrounds.
7957	Jack, we miss you greatly.
7958	Despite large number of studies reported over the past decades on the evaluation of biologically active components and their mechanisms of action, the outcome of these studies is still unsatisfactory.
7959	Although there have been several claims regarding the underlying mechanisms involved in the biological actions of this herb, more scientific data are needed to justify its ever increasing use.
7960	A 100 mg/kg dose increased the survival time of the mice significantly.
7961	The greatest improvements in mood and cognitive function were detected in those receiving the 750 mg dose of CA extract.
7962	The present review is indicative of multiple useful clinical effects of Centella asiatica especially in the age-related cognitive decline.
7963	Further long-term studies will help determine the exact mechanism by which CA influences age-related changes in mood and cognitive function.
7964	Gohil, et al.
7965	After Au deposition, the rms roughnesses of sphere and plate were measured by AFM ͑see Fig.
7966	The force curve without roughness correction is given by ͑᭺͒, and that including the roughness contribution by ͑᭝͒.
7967	This observation is in line with our data indicating that gAd increases the transport V max for glucose without altering the K m .
7968	Furthermore, the combination of gAd and AICAR did not have an additive effect on glucose uptake, GLUT4myc translocation, or AMP kinase or ACC phosphorylation, suggesting that gAd increases GLUT4 translocation and glucose uptake via an insulin-independent mechanism involving AMP kinase.
7969	In the majority of such applications, the goal is to select a subset of representatives in a universe of elements and optimize some objective function.
7970	In other words, proving the claim for every round ℓ is equivalent of proving it for the first round in which f and д are the same.
7971	Let δ j be how much the value S i increased when its j th item was added to it.
7972	With multiplicity C, we prove that we can achieve the same approximation guarantees as before while selecting much fewer items in lines 9 − 11.
7973	So the probability that set T i is chosen for the next round is proportional to the core-set size k ′ , i.e.
7974	Therefore at most ϵ fraction of sets in B are selected for the next round.
7975	This is true because each set in C covers 2ϵ k /2 × 2ϵL elements that were supposed to be covered by sets of B, and using concentration bounds this number does not exceed 5ϵ 2 k L.
7976	For the previous datasets the sets represent neighborhoods of nodes.
7977	Upperbound Since it is infeasible to compute exactly the optimum value even for small k values so we compare the algorithms with an upper-bound on the optimum solution value.
7978	When analyzing a block of size N ′ of data to obtain k ′ elements we iterate over the block for k ′ times each time selecting a new element with maximum marginal gain.
7979	Unfortunately, the African continent is way behind in terms of the financial and institutional commitment required to successfully implement a genomics program for research and clinical use.
7980	Considering the impact of tradition molecular biology advances on diagnosis of tumors in the head and neck region, it is plausible that emerging high throughput omics based techniques would even bring greater breakthroughs to diagnostic oral pathology practice.
7981	This could potentially eliminate the intraoperative waiting time while sending surgical specimen for frozen section tumor margin analysis.
7982	To further validate this approach for oral cancer screening, in vivo testing in a larger clinical cohort is needed.
7983	Future molecular concepts Several advances have emerged in precision and personalized medicine which could potentially benefit the field of oral pathology vis-à-vis molecular oral cancer diagnostics and therapy.
7984	Better knowledge about the predictors of MetS could help individuals, families, and providers prevent its development and improve the health of U.S.
7985	It remains poorly understood whether MetS in adulthood is primarily associated with adult SES, or whether SES in childhood is also important.
7986	A fifth component underscores the importance of assessing interindividual differences.
7987	These sites enrolled white and black women.
7988	To assess reliability, we compared the responses in Visits 13 and 7; the latter were collected only at Pittsburgh.
7989	The models do not adjust for menopausal status or hormone use, because at baseline participants were pre/early menopausal and not using hormones.
7990	In contrast to childhood SES, education is a significant predictor.
7991	As CIT underscores the importance of assessing interindividual differences, we next examine how disparities in MetS between life-course SES groups change as women age.
7992	Using Model 3 in Table 2 , we added a control for obesity.
7993	Childhood SES was not significant in either model suggesting its association with MetS reflects an obesity-glucose synergy rather than obesity alone.
7994	As the primary distinction between fair and adverse childhood SES was economic hardship, it appears that economic hardship in childhood, rather than low levels of parental education alone, has pernicious and enduring consequences for women's metabolic health.
7995	One particularly interesting finding is that the associations between childhood and adult SES and MetS appear to change with age.
7996	Although health behaviors partly accounted for the inverse relationship between participants' education and incident MetS, other adult factors did not.
7997	For example, Scherber et al.
7998	Our qualitative initial surveys suggested it was representative of the vegetation and condition of remnant woodlands in the region.
7999	A 10 cm length of 67 mm internal diameter PVC pipe was dug into place between two York gum trees in the center of each plot quarter, in October 2010.
8000	Presence/ absence is often preferred over abundance for ant communities sampled with pitfall traps as abundances can be spuriously inflated if a trap is located near an ant colony.
8001	In addition to the treatment predictors, we used an additional covariate for treatment divergence in all models.
8002	We required the treatment divergence covariate because not all woody plants survived throughout the experiment, and woody plant death was uneven across plots, which may have influenced microclimate, resource distribution, and invertebrate responses.
8003	Random intercepts were included for block and for plot nested within block to account for non-independence within the experimental design.
8004	Models were fitted using a Poisson error distribution for ant richness and abundance, while Gaussian errors were used to model all other responses.
8005	The most abundant taxa were PETER YEELES ET AL.
8006	These increases occurred with a corresponding decrease in ant species evenness over the five years, indicating increasing disparity in levels of dominance and rarity across the communities.
8007	Balancing short-and long-term faunal restoration goals with financial and logistic constraints will be important when selecting woody species for revegetating degraded land.
8008	Here, these results were confirmed by demonstrating that two robust sources of OPCs enhanced the phosphorylation of STAT1 which occurs following type I IFNR interaction, whereas a monomeric procyanidin did not.
8009	In additional experiments, cells were treated for 3 or 24 h with APP, then washed, and incubated an additional 48 h in culture, followed by the addition of rIFN-␣ and similar analyses.
8010	Diets and activities of volunteers were not otherwise restricted.
8011	Mice were injected with polyI:C, and tissues were collected 4 h later and processed for RT-qPCR analyses.
8012	Four hours were empirically determined to be the optimal point for ISG transcript expression following polyI:C injection.
8013	In the second study, ingestion of APP was compared directly with ingestion of the same dose of RES, and following two doses of each, with 3 weeks between the doses, there were significant differences between the groups.
8014	Characterization of this novel effect of ingestion of OPCs on type I IFN signaling is likely to provide insights into in vivo mechanisms and a strong rationale for its recommended application in an extensive range of disease conditions.
8015	The library profession has made strides in improving access to gay information through the formation of the first professional gay organization in the world.
8016	Records may be searched by author, title, subject, or keyword, and records may be delimited by date, language, and form.
8017	Some literature retrieved under the pertinent subject headings addresses gays and lesbians collectively, and is considered a part of this study.
8018	Only in recent years has the Library of Congress routinely added subject analytics to fiction, so there are some anomalies in the records.
8019	There is indeed an abundance of information by and about gay men in library holdings, and it has grown tremendously, particularly in the past decade, a growth of 589 records per year between the 1970-81 period and 1995, an increase of over 400 per cent, all errors and duplications notwithstanding.
8020	Here are entered works on active discrimination against, or aversion to, homosexuals by heterosexuals.
8021	More importantly, the library profession should take note of the condition of the WorldCat database and the OCLC records on which it is based.
8022	Given the 1990s gospel of technological literacy, it hardly behooves librarians to emphasize the intricacies of refinements in Boolean search techniques when the database created by input from their own cataloging departments is increasingly flawed.
8023	Both groups of mice were i.n.
8024	All experiments were repeated at least three times.
8025	Formaldehyde 60 fixative was gently infused through the lavage catheter set in the trachea.
8026	In marked contrast, IL-17 levels in Df-Af mice increased significantly on 161 day 32 when compared to those on day 25, and Th17-like cytokines in Df-Af mice 162 became significantly higher than those in Af mice.
8027	In addition, the phagocytosis of Af conidia by AM isolated from the murine model 183 of asthma was impaired when compared with AM isolated from untreated naïve mice.
8028	Despite the prima facie importance of morbidity as a determinant of healthcare costs, most primary care capitation systems currently relate payments only to patient age and gender.
8029	See http://www.who.int/classifications/icd/en/.
8030	We also compare the results of a simple test of horizontal inequity using the different morbidity schemes.
8031	The EDC measures perform best followed by the QOF and ACG measures.
8032	The ratio is reduced to 1.19 when QOF indicators are added to the model and to 1.15 when EDC indicators are used.
8033	The model results are set out in Section 3 and their implications for capitation discussed in Section 4.
8034	Section 5 concludes.
8035	We used the 17 chronic conditions included in the clinical domain of the 2006/7 version of the Quality and Outcomes Framework which is a pay for performance scheme covering all practices in the UK.
8036	For example, with age and gender groups, deprivation deciles, and practice effects the R 2 D for the log link Poisson GLM specification is 0.23.
8037	These two EDC based measures are noticeably better than the QOF count, 68 ACG indicators, 17 QOF disease categories, and the 6 RUBs, which in turn are markedly better than the Charlson Index score and 17 Charlson disease categories.
8038	For the models without any morbidity or multimorbidity measures the log link Poisson models and OLS models have very similar performance in terms of MAE and R 2 COR for any given set of covariates.
8039	Cost ratios increase with RUB levels in the table, which also suggests that multimorbid patients are more costly as patients in higher RUBs are more likely to be multimorbid.
8040	ADGs: Adjusted Disease Groups are combinations of diagnoses used to construct Adjusted Clinical Groups.
8041	Capitation payments for individual patients differ substantially across the six models.
8042	We found that capitation payments for individuals vary considerably with the morbidity system used in the cost models, though the choice of morbidity system had much less effect on total payments to practices.
8043	The ACG and Charlson morbidity categories were originally derived and calibrated on US data and the QOF categories were developed as part of a UK pay for performance scheme.
8044	Such patients may have higher costs but to the extent that the morbidity measures are correlated with mortality in the coming year the estimated effects of different types of morbidity will include some of the differentially higher costs of patients at higher risk of death.
8045	In a systematic extension to our previous study, therefore, we selected single-wall CNT with a relatively high decomposition temperature and NC in order to characterize the roles of these two dopants.
8046	No peak related to carbon appeared in any of the sample patterns, probably because the NC and CNT particle sizes were too small for XRD detection.
8047	For the undoped sample, the amounts of MgB 4 and MgO phases were increased in comparison with those for the doped samples.
8048	In addition, MgB 2 nanodomains were observed at the interface between MgB 2 and CNT.
8049	These rearranged dislocation piles may produce a low-angle nanodomain.
8050	Logan was especially anxious since he and Allen had conspired with surveyors and scouts to identify the finest land in the coveted upper Delaware and Lehigh Valleys.
8051	It represented a spruce tree on the Delaware and Neshaminy Creek, between which the northern boundary of an earlier purchase extended east to west.
8052	The confluence of the north and west branches of the river was also the site of the Indian town of Shamokin, where from 1747 through 1755 Moravian missionaries lived alongside Iroquois, Delawares, and Shawnees.
8053	In the afternoon, around 5 o'clock, I arrived at the first little town on this side of Quenischachachque, where the deceased Madame Montour's daughter Margaret and her family live.
8054	The detail and condition of Shippen's map in the Moravian Archives mark it of paramount interest to researchers focusing on the fascinating confluence not only of the Susquehanna River but also of the native and colonial settlers who lived along its shores in the mid-eighteenth century.
8055	Therefore, no new trees will grow to replace old and dying individuals.
8056	This research resulted in the discovery of many species new to science, which are now being described.
8057	This paper presents a part of these results.
8058	Due to the close proximity of males and females within the confines of the coffee berry, use of the spine for stridulation and for revealing the position of the scarce males, might have become unnecessary.
8059	Females do not exhibit the spine.
8060	If so, it probably is too good to be true and you could be buying a fake or non-existent item.
8061	In the end social services got involved and gave me two options -either I could stay put and lose my baby or leave and start out on my own.
8062	But that ultimatum gave me the reason I needed to leave and after an initial placement at the women's refuge, I got a room at the hostel.
8063	She said: "I always hoped that one day I would be able to cook a roast dinner.
8064	Costs vary and typically start at £250 for a basic valuation survey.
8065	During this time you will pay your stamp duty, finalise paperwork and sign the contract.
8066	This will alert you if there is carbon monoxide in your home.
8067	As well as providing a fun event, the main aim is to chat to residents about any issues they may have and feed that back to South Essex Homes staff.
8068	We arrange children's entertainment, bouncy castles, food, and lots of helpful information, which we hope South Essex Homes residents and tenants will enjoy.
8069	The Council and Veolia have waited to ensure the new service for houses beds in.
8070	The policy number is 326857.
8071	Three of our entries to that competition were named amongst the 20 finalists and we were very excited to learn that all of those finalist photographs are to be displayed at the Houses of Parliament at an exhibition during October.
8072	This is a fantastic achievement so thank you and well done to those residents who have shared their experiences -we really hope it will open up a conversation with MPs about social housing in the UK.
8073	I hope you have enjoyed reading this issue of Insight, which has covered some of the wider services that South Essex Homes provides.
8074	Many of us take basic life skills for granted but if you've never been taught them, this could prove a huge barrier to living a normal day to day life.
8075	June is taking part in the Big Pink Jump in October.
8076	To date they have raised nearly £300 for Essex Air Ambulance -they also organised a quiz, afternoon tea and 'egg and bacon' morning for their fellow residents.
8077	After incubation for 30 min at 370, the amount of synthesis was measured as acid-insoluble p32 by the glass filter method.
8078	In the absence of 4X174 DNA, there was less than 5 ppmoles synthesis obtained with 0.10 mumole oligomer.
8079	Purified high-molecular-weight E. coli DNA had no detectable activity but after treatment with DNase became highly active.
8080	The latter represents the upper limit found in these digests rather than an upperlimit of effective size.
8081	The syntheses obtained with two control incubations, one without template and one without oligomer, were subtracted from the synthesis obtained with the complete mixture.
8082	The same amount of P32-labeled oligomers were then added, and the mixture was denatured with alkali and sedimented in alkaline sucrose.
8083	The result of this extrapolation is shown in Fig.
8084	The data are fit by a 0.56Ϯ0.05 power law.
8085	We see that the hypothesis that K y ӶK z is at least self-consistent, and that the anisotropies are not strongly size dependent.
8086	The value of K y increases somewhat for smaller particles, consistent with the trend in blocking temperature as a function of n, 18 though it is somewhat smaller than typical for antiferromagnetic particles.
8087	The MRI demonstrated irregular expansion of the tumor breaking through the cortex.
8088	After a discussion with the patient regarding the reconstructive planning, she disallowed any option of using her autogenous bone grafts.
8089	The FCR tendon was passed through the proximal sagittal premade tunnel for reconstruction of the deep anterior oblique ligament and dorsal radial capsular ligament which are the key stabilizers of the CMC joint.
8090	For this reason, the range of the thumb motion is inevitably significantly restricted.
8091	MS-PPOH partially blocked vasorelaxation in both HBO groups, which indicates that HBO changes vasorelaxation mechanisms to alternative pathways-enhanced production or sensitivity to EETs.
8092	HBO improves oxygen delivery to ischemic brain tissue due to the higher arterial blood-brain oxygen gradient.
8093	Some data imply that the intervention may be harmful causing middle ear trauma, epileptic seizures, and claustrophobia, while others found no firm evidence that HBO improves clinical outcomes for acute stroke.
8094	The mechanisms by which HBO exerts its potentially beneficial effects are not completely clear.
8095	They are considered hotspots of mutation, and cytogenetic and molecular analyses have demonstrated the role of TEs in chromosomal rearrangements.
8096	Among the existing transposon subclasses, the superfamily Tc1/Mariner stands out for having the widest distribution in nature.
8097	In Gymnotiformes, da Silva et al.
8098	Physical mapping of this TE on Parodontidae chromosomes revealed dispersed signals in euchromatins, and some accumulations in terminal regions and sex chromosomes 4 .
8099	Glugoski et al.
8100	Some mutated TEs can undergo the evolutionary process of "molecular domestication", losing their TE features and acquiring new functions 23 , including genetic regulation at both the transcriptional and post-transcriptional levels, the generation of transcription factor binding sites, and RNA editing and translation processes 24, 25 .
8101	The literature showed that students do apply strategies while learning a second language and that these strategies can be described and classified.
8102	At the beginning of the fall term, language learning strategies questionnaire was administered as pre-test.
8103	In the pre-test prior to the study, do the experimental groups significantly differ from control groups in terms of language learning strategies?
8104	Agents are heterogeneous regarding their inherent abilities, which affect their cost of investing in different skills.
8105	First, supply and demand forces are included within a unified model, which allows me to estimate the causal effect of different forces by constructing counterfactuals.
8106	Specifically, the results show a stronger contribution of supply forces in the case of women.
8107	This result is consistent with the fact that a higher elasticity of substitution makes the demand curve for more educated workers more elastic and, thus, greater demand shifts are needed to explain the observed changes in quantities and prices.
8108	Analogously, bigger positive supply shifts are needed to explain the fall in the college wage premium in the context of a stable demand for college graduates during the pre-1980 period.
8109	The rest of the paper is organized as follows.
8110	In this section, I develop an assignment model to quantify, in a unified framework, the causal effect of supply and demand forces on the evolution of the college wage premium in the U.S.
8111	The production of the unique final good Y is performed by aggregating the output S of a continuum of sectors.
8112	The representative firm producing the final good hires workers, taking the wage schedule as given.
8113	This technological improvement monotonically increases the relative wages of skilled workers by increasing the real wages of workers with 12 or more years of education but decreasing the wages of other types of workers.
8114	Specifically, there are "psychic costs" of attending school which are decreasing in the inherent abilities of agents and proportional to the indirect cost of schooling.
8115	However, it is highly correlated with a bundle of abilities.
8116	As a sensitivity analysis, in section 6 I calibrate the model using alternative proxies for the male and female distributions of abilities.
8117	I first calibrate the model to match U.S.
8118	However, I report those results to show that the calibrated model adequately fits the data despite its high degree of non-linearity.
8119	The creation of new high-skill sectors seems especially important during the decade 1980-1990, when the skill premium experiences a pronounced increase.
8120	On the supply side, we observe a positive supply shift during the decade 1970-1980 followed by negative shifts during the post-1980 decades.
8121	While the discussion is focused on Table 16 , the decade-by-decade results can be found in Tables 10-15.
8122	However, other proxies for abilities are reported in the literature.
8123	Table 17 presents those alternative proxies.
8124	We observe that as the variance of abilities decreases, the contribution of supply forces rises and the role of wage polarization diminishes.
8125	Particularly important were positive female supply shifts during the decade 1970-1980 and negative female supply shifts during the last decade analyzed.
8126	On the demand side, the increasing polarization of wages is present for both men and women, although it seems to be more important in the case of women.
8127	Substrate temperatures were varied as 120, 350, 525 and 700 ˚C.
8128	The scope of this research work was to investigate sputtering process parameters for lower temperature of deposition, in order to obtain a high quality film capable of performing as a superior dielectric.
8129	A semiautomatic RF sputter coater was employed to coat silicon nitride.
8130	The equipment used for RF sputtering was Solar Metalization unit.
8131	Pirani gauge measures pressure in the range of 1 millibar to 10 -3 mbar, penning gauge in the range of 10 -2 to 10 -6 millibar and to measure pressure between 10 to 10 -4 mbar capacitance manometers is used.
8132	Sputtering was done for a period of 160s.
8133	The samples were loaded onto the machine and on focussing the SEM images revealed that the coating was amorphous in nature.
8134	Profilometer was used for measurement of film thickness.
8135	The SEM for experiment 6 images showed void spaces for films produced for power at 150W, argon flow rate at 30sccm and nitrogen flow rate of 20sccm.
8136	As an example one can consider the quadrupole vibrational and rotational motions which are the most important low energy nuclear motions.
8137	There were several attempts to construct such bases.
8138	This increases a complexity of calculations of the reduced matrix elements of different operators, Clebsch-Gordan coefficients, etc.
8139	In Section 4, the procedure 3 of an action of the quadrupole operator Q 0 onto the constructed basis is presented.
8140	In Conclusions further applications of the elaborated procedures are outlined.
8141	Output of Step 5.
8142	The optimized geometry has been used to obtain the vibrational frequencies of various modes of PAHs.
8143	In neutral coronene, the dominant features appear at ∼3.3 µm and ∼12 µm due to C−H stretching and C−H out of plane vibration respectively.
8144	This characteristic is not observed from the cation of a regular six-membered ring PAH molecule, for example: coronene.
8145	Protonation usually results in breaking of the symmetry of the molecule which eventually leads to more number of features with significant intensity.
8146	The complete list of wavelength and Int rel of the modes are given as supplementary material to the paper.
8147	We are also considering comparatively smaller PAHs for our study as smaller PAHs are more prone to form a pentagon ring followed by a loss of C 2 unit as compared to large size PAHs.
8148	The obtained IR spectra are shown in Fig.
8149	These are inherent of C−C stretching and C−H in plane vibrational modes, with an involvement from both five and six member rings.
8150	As observed from the IR spectra obtained in Fig.
8151	A detail study in terms of size and shape is indeed required to draw a concrete conclusion.
8152	This is similar to the phenomenon of Wigner crystallization, where long-ranged Coulomb interaction dominates the kinetic energy in the dilute limit rather than the high-density of states limit.
8153	However, we will neglect them in our RG analysis, assuming that they are much smaller than other relevant energy scales.
8154	We now consider the coupling terms between the fields introduced in Eqs.
8155	Electron-Phonon coupling -We now consider the coupling between the Dirac electrons and the phonon modes.
8156	At this fixed point, ω 2 T and Q are relevant perturbations, while e and λ are marginal at the tree level.
8157	Since ω 2 T is the tuning parameter for the FE transition, we will assume it small close to the critical point.
8158	We note, however, that the same Coulomb forces that cause the phonon to couple strongly to electrons also cause strong coupling of the phonons to themselves -the coupling that caused the generation of the mass term ω L and the LO-TO splitting.
8159	Every Dirac cone in the paraelectric phase splits into two Weyl points in the ferroelectric phase.
8160	Finally, the flows of the phonon-phonon coupling γ and the phonon mass r are qualitatively similar to the case of ionic crystals, so we do not consider them here in detail.
8161	Hence, the natural next step in our study is to apply this result to superconductivity.
8162	We also focus on the paraelectric side of the transition, i.e., consider systems possessing both time-reversal and inversion symmetries in the normal state.
8163	As we have shown in Sec.
8164	We then use Eq.
8165	To find this basis, we diagonalize Hamiltonian which corresponds to Eq.
8166	In systems with strong spin-orbit coupling, spin S and angular momentum L are not good quantum numbers.
8167	To emphasize this point, we rewrite Eq.
8168	This result is to some extent similar to the enhancement of T c by the critical nematic fluctuations obtained in Ref.
8169	Our analysis of superconductivity in covalent crystals is similar to the ionic case.
8170	As we showed in Sec.
8171	We further demonstrated that the proximity to the FE critical point significantly enhances superconductivity.
8172	Considering our results in a broader context, we expect this mechanism to be relevant to all low-density superconductors that posses a nearly touching conduction and valence bands.
8173	We thank Patrick Lee, Liang Fu, Meng Cheng and Kamran Behnia for illuminating discussions.
8174	Phonon interaction vertex correction-Finally, the four phonon vertex is renormalized by the phonon bubble diagrams and also the fermion box diagram.
8175	This leads to the following RG equations where λ z is the coupling to a distortion along the line and λ is the coupling transverse to it.
8176	III can still be performed analytically, although the expressions become rather lengthy.
8177	The crucial point is that the main result of this paper, the flow of β towards strong coupling remains unchanged.
8178	Any substantial or systematic reproduction, re-distribution, re-selling, loan or sub-licensing, systematic supply or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.
8179	We try to link this effect to the periodic structure of the residual velocity field of stars in the solar neighbourhood, which is caused by spiral density waves.
8180	At present, the nature of this phenomenon is not completely clear.
8181	The velocities of the stars were • .
8182	North is up and east to the left.
8183	In any case, CG X-1 is the ULX with the most precisely known binary period.
8184	Note that CG X-1 is the only system among candidate Wolf-Rayet X-ray binaries with a luminosity ∼10 40 erg s −1 ; all others have X-ray luminosities 10 39 erg s −1 , consistent with wind accretion.
8185	The vertical magenta bar in each panel shows the estimated mid-time of the eclipse ingress phase for that observation.
8186	In an O − C diagram, if the period remains constant with time, the datapoints follow a straight line; instead, if the period is changing linearly, the O − C datapoints follow a quadratic function of time.
8187	We have discussed a possible origin for the dips.
8188	In fact, the gas environment in systems such as CG X-1 may be compared to binary Wolf-Rayet systems.
8189	The consequences for µ → eγ, µ → e conversion and the µ → eee decay have first been studied in Ref.
8190	With respect to a µ it is well known that the MSSM can provide a very natural explanation of the currently observed deviation, see Refs.
8191	The MRSSM charginos also involve twice as many degrees of freedom as in the MSSM and can be grouped according to their R-charge.
8192	The values of the Z boson coupling coefficients z i j and the resulting Feynman rules can be found in the Appendix.
8193	While in the MSSM there are only two types of couplings, the MRSSM needs four types of couplings n, o, c, t for the interactions with neutralinos, antineutralinos, χ-charginos and ρ-charginos.
8194	The formulas are written in a way that facilitates comparisons to the MSSM and generalization to other models.
8195	We now discuss the MRSSM one-loop contributions to the required form factors and focus on the restrictions imposed by R-symmetry.
8196	We write the generated effective interaction Lagrangian excluding dipole contributions in the form of Ref.
8197	The chargino diagrams are analogous with the replacement of χ 0 with χ − andl withν.
8198	The parameter space can be best explored by investigating various different parameter scenarios, corresponding to distinct patterns of hierarchies between light/heavy SUSY particles.
8199	All Feynman diagrams for the considered observables involve the exchange of at least one neutralino/chargino and one slepton/sneutrino, and all diagrams have a generic 1/m 2 SUSY mass suppression.
8200	For our purposes, the most conservative and robust bounds are the most important.
8201	They correspond to assuming small mass splittings between SUSY particles, i.e.
8202	All Feynman diagrams involve the exchange of one neutralino/chargino and one slepton/sneutrino, and all diagrams have a generic 1/m 2 SUSY mass suppression.
8203	However, the origin of the enhancement is quite different from the MSSM.
8204	The maximum is reached if both Λ d and λ d are large, i.e.
8205	In these scenarios no enhanced chirality-flips are possible, and the λ d , Λ d -parameters play a minor role via the chargino/neutralino mass matrices.
8206	Both are given by dipole amplitudes; the difference is the existence of a flavour transition in µ → eγ.
8207	The result for µ → eγ can be interpreted in two ways, as indicated by the axis labels on the left and right border of the plot.
8208	The contributions in the scenarios with light Higgsino are significantly enhanced by large Λ d and λ d ; the amplitudes are linearly, the branching ratio is quadratically enhanced.
8209	The remaining terms are small and of a similar size as A 1 .
8210	Of course, their impact is particularly pronounced in cases where the dipole A 2 is small, i.e.
8211	The previous subsections have analyzed the detailed parameter dependences of all three observables a µ , µ → eγ and µ → e conversion in the MRSSM.
8212	The cross-like shape arises because for certain parameter choices the ellipses degenerate to large rectangles: For the WHL-like case shown in Fig.
8213	The small, inner green region is allowed by all parameter choices which explain a µ , the cross-shaped large yellow region is allowed by some parameter choices, and the outer red region is not allowed by any parameter choice.
8214	The reason is that the tan β enhancement in the MSSM originates from insertions of the MSSM µ-parameter and Majorana gaugino masses.
8215	In spite of this we have found that dipole amplitudes can be enhanced in the MRSSM by MRSSM-specific superpotential parameters Λ d , λ d .
8216	The required large values of Λ d , λ d are intriguing.
8217	The forthcoming COMET and Mu2e experiments promise to improve the sensitivity to this process by orders of magnitude; an earlier study in Ref.
8218	The approach of Ref.
8219	The most general form of such a 2 × 2 matrix Hamiltonian has been proposed in Ref.
8220	Edge-state transport in the random potentials is also discussed.
8221	Section 2 is devoted to derivation of the equation for 1D motion in the edge states.
8222	A discussion relating the results to experimental data on the conductance of 2D topological insulators based on HgTe quantum wells is presented in Sec.
8223	Applying this basis, i.e.
8224	Since the probability current for the states of Eq.
8225	Notice that Eqs.
8226	Magnetic barrier.
8227	Let us consider a model of transport in a disordered HgTe quantum well near the charge neutrality point, when Fermi energy is in the middle of the gap between 2D subbands.
8228	In this case the gas results to be inhomogeneous in space, namely its density is space-dependent.
8229	The effect of the BEC then is manifested through the corresponding noise and damping terms present in this dynamical equation.
8230	In all of these cases we find that for the inhomogeneous gas the non-Markovian degree is higher than in the homogeneous BEC.
8231	In Appendix B we give a detailed discussion on the differences we found between the homogeneous and inhomogeneous BEC cases.
8232	The fact that the BEC is trapped gives rise to important consequences, both in the analytical derivation and in the results, as we will discuss throughout the rest of the paper.
8233	In fact, only if the damping kernel reduces to a Dirac Delta, Eq.
8234	Apart from the technical details of the calculations, the higher super-Ohmic degree alters the amount of memory effects characterizing the system dynamics.
8235	The problem of deriving an explicit expression for it reduces now to the inversion of the Laplace transform in Eqs.
8236	One has therefore to properly tune the number of recursive subdivisions and the number of effective digits of precision should be sought in the final result.
8237	This effect is enhanced by increasing the value of the coupling strength, while remaining in the regime of low temperatures.
8238	One could try to compute the whole correlation function for the sake of completeness, but the approximated expressions in Eq.
8239	We can study its form in the homogeneous and inhomogeneous case in order to establish in which situation the non-Markovian degree is higher.
8240	This suggests that the effect of the past history on the system dynamics vanishes faster if the medium is inhomogeneous.
8241	This, at the best of our knowledge, constitutes an original calculation.
8242	This, to the best of our knowledge, has never been investigated before for the present case.
8243	It is also interesting to note that, both in the homogeneous and inhomogeneous case, Φ grows as the cut-off frequency increases.
8244	Nevertheless, the results we presented just constitute a first step for a quantitative analysis for the control of memory effects in polaron dynamics.
8245	In our comparison between the memory effects in the homogeneous and inhomogeneous BEC we focused in the degree of the superohmicity of the spectral density.
8246	Very importantly, we show that the spatial squeezing can be controlled with the BEC trap frequency, particularly it is enhanced as this frequency is increased.
8247	In particular, for the values of the physical quantities employed in Fig.
8248	In this context the zero-trap frequency limit is equivalent to sending to zero the potential energy, resulting in a system with zero energy, which is meaningless.
8249	Spectra were obtained with the Arecibo WAPP correlator with three-level sampling and 8192 spectral channels for each line in each polarization.
8250	Spectra were taken at the same positions as those of CH across the TBR, as seen in Figure 2 .
8251	The shift in the single-component CO velocity is well correlated with the behavior of the CH velocity components.
8252	Levrier et al.
8253	But in Figure 6 , the line width of CH, OH, 12 CO and 13 CO dose not show clear correlation in TBR-O, which does not support turbulence dissipation.
8254	Nonetheless, both the full information acquisition and the full control are still very hard.
8255	From the viewpoint of noise suppression, the smaller the gateway size, the better.
8256	As we will see below, the same graph property we introduce in the first part, i.e., the study of spin network control, comes in to the discussion as a criterion for estimability of the spin network Hamiltonian.
8257	The unitaries for which this is true are called reachable.
8258	Is the general result by Lloyd still correct when restricting ourselves to such a split, and to a physically realistic H V ?
8259	Then V is controllable acting on its subset C. Proof: To prove the theorem we have to show that Eq.
8260	However the topological stability with respect to the choice of coupling strengths is no longer given.
8261	It has recently been studied how a priori knowledge on the system could reduce the complexity of quantum process tomography.
8262	The type of the interaction between spins, such as the Heisenberg, XX, etc., is a priori known.
8263	The issues on degeneracies and resolving peaks are discussed in the following sections 1.11 and 1.11.
8264	Thus even choosing B C randomly can make the probability of lifiting the degeneracies to converge exponentially fast to one.
8265	By perturbation theory a ball of finite volume around B C has the same property.
8266	Although a coherence time that is as long as T min has been assumed so far to make the scheme work by letting the signal propagate back and forth many times, the gateway scheme is also applicable to systems with short coherence times by modifying it.
8267	With this modification to the scheme, however, the graph condition for the accessible area C needs to be slightly changed; it should be expanded, depending on the graph structure.
8268	Quantum transport is also a tool for studying spin states 3 or coherent dynamics 4 on a microscopic level.
8269	Electrons tunneling to a QD device experience, for instance, a hyperfine and spin-orbit interaction with the nuclear spins of the host material.
8270	Similar to a previous work 18 our model is inspired by experiments on the hyperfine interaction with QDs without transport where electronic spins in single QDs 19, 20 or double QDs 21, 22 are considered in terms of spin relaxation and decoherence.
8271	Metelmann et al.
8272	II D and their resulting dynamics are discussed in Sec.
8273	The transitions between a state in the leads and the electronic levels are described byĤ T , and the tunneling amplitudes for these transitions are γ klσ .
8274	The crucial point is that the feedback mechanism does not affect the energy and matter balances of the system but does alter the entropy balance; i.e, besides the matter and energy currents I M and I E , an information current I F is introduced, that changes the second law of the system.
8275	If the leads are held at the same temperature A currents of both ↑ and ↓ electrons can be transported against a chemical bias, but the ↑ currents are preferred.
8276	III E.
8277	The analogies between classical and quantum chaotic systems of interacting spin clusters have been investigated in terms of quantum webs of simultaneous eigenstates that can be used to illustrate regular as well as chaotic dynamics 42, 43 .
8278	A numerical Fourier analysis reveals the frequencies in the spins' motions for the periodic oscillations: We identify the frequencies ω s , which appears dominantly in the small spins motion, and ω j , which drives the LS.
8279	With much slower electronic transport Γ ≪ λ the oscillation plane of Ĵ is tilted by an angle φ around the x axis and we find even more complicated orbits for the oscillation of Ĵ that is not restricted to a plane anymore if Γ is close to λ. Since δ enters exponentially into the equations the tunneling setup is, thus, detuned drastically if the feedback parameter δ is increased.
8280	For intermediate δ the Ĵ rotation stays planar, but the rotation plane is tilted.
8281	We observe the full variety of the possible dynamics, in regime II.
8282	Nonetheless, the numerical results show that there are parts of the parameter space where feedback turns quasiperiodic oscillations into regular self-sustained, though not planar, oscillations; compare Fig.
8283	It is possible as well to prevent the system from running into its fixed points and induce periodic oscillations instead; compare Fig.
8284	In the limit of vanishing temperatures only electrons with energies between the leads' chemical potentials can participate in transport.
8285	Though, there are some special features.
8286	Interestingly, for scheme A and for the same parameters we find that the two transport channels decouple and the expectation values Ŝ i decay; the averaged probabilities to find the SQD empty or occupied by an electron of spin σ are equal.
8287	This feedback uses occupation-dependent alternation of the transport Liouvillian and can generate currents even against a moderate bias voltage.
8288	We use the following notation.
8289	M. leprae 18kDa heat shock protein gene is polymorphic.
8290	It shows a point mutation in 52 nd position of its amino acid sequence.
8291	Even though it shows sequence similarity to small heat shock proteins, its biological function and crystal structure is unknown.
8292	The short C terminal extension is oriented toward the outside of the shell and interacts with β4 and β8 of a neighboring subunit.
8293	While minimizing the molecule's potential energy, it reaches the nearest minimum.
8294	In sHSP 18S more number of residues are present when compared to sHSP 18P.
8295	In our model the structure with serine in 52 nd position corresponds to β3 and β4 region present in the mini alpha peptide sequence, where as structure with proline in 52 nd position corresponds to β3 region present in mini alpha peptide sequence but β4 region varies in number of residues.
8296	These studies will allow us to explore the biological significance of this protein in the process of pathogenesis since it is highly immunogenic and is produced early in infection.
8297	In our work we are not making any suggestion about the expansion rate of the universe, described by the Hubble's constant.
8298	Our tools of the measurements are related to bodies and we are not able to check this altering of space and dimensions.
8299	When the length unit increases and the velocity of light and time rate remain unaltered the observer will register that the velocity of light decreases with time.
8300	The assumption of the constancy of clock rate in the universe at all time means that forces acting between bodies do not change.
8301	The expansion of all material bodies is forbidden primarily because there are no criterions by which the expansion of the universe could be measured.
8302	We perceive this separation as very strange because all these objects could be characterized by their dimensions.
8303	This discrepancy of rates can be register by a measurement of the light velocity with a material length standard and a quantum clock.
8304	Finally, the sample is opportunely restricted in order to rule out confounding effects driven by other provisions of the new citizenship law.
8305	We consider the 1999 reform of the German nationality law, which introduced elements of the birthright system, and present evidence that changes in the rules that regulate child legal status increased the level of parental integration with the German society, as measured by the extent to which they use the local language and the level of social interactions with the native community.
8306	We also contribute to the literature that study the determinants of group identity and its effects on individual choices.
8307	Indeed, the degree of usage of German language and the extent of interactions with German citizens might be interpreted as a measure of self identification with the host country.
8308	Therefore, potential externalities should be explicitly taken into account when evaluating alternative integration policies.
8309	In this section we provide an overview of the legal framework of citizenship and some descriptive evidence on the link between citizenship systems and immigrants' integration.
8310	Citizenship is the legal institution that assigns full membership in a state and determines the associated rights and duties.
8311	In most cases citizenship provides the right to vote, the right to run for public offices, the possibility to travel without restrictions and to obtain a visa for a relative, and legal protection in case of receiving criminal charges.
8312	The French revolution marked a clear discontinuity with this tradition by reintroducing the principle based on the right of descent that was central in the ancient Roman system.
8313	A full set of time dummies, µ t , controls for time specific shocks affecting all individuals in the time interval between 1994 and 2006.
8314	As the propensity to return might vary differentially for the treatment and the control group, 17 in section 4.2 we use different strategies to control for this potential bias.
8315	The effect of the reform on the variable that measures the propensity to read German newspapers is positive and significantly different from zero.
8316	Since both German newspapers and German spoken are originally defined as categorical variables we check the robustness of our results by estimating the model in eq.
8317	First, we acknowledge the possibility that differences in observed characteristics might create non-parallel integration dynamics between treatment and control group in the absence of the reform.
8318	First, we estimate the propensity score with a logit model and compute the fitted values for the sample.
8319	We then estimate eq.
8320	For example, the implementation of the reform in 2000 could have fostered the level of integration of immigrants, given the decrease in the residency requirement to be naturalized.
8321	Results are shown in Table 9 , the coefficients of our variables of interest are still positive, similar in size and significantly different from zero, even if now visited by Germans is not significant any more.
8322	Unfortunately our econometric exercise is unable to identify the exact mechanism at the root of our findings.
8323	One key issue concerning ultracold trapped Fermi atoms with a mutual attractive interaction is the detection of their superfluid behavior below a critical temperature T c .
8324	The importance of taking the effect of a 13 into account was demonstrated in Ref.
8325	This representation recovers the results of Refs.
8326	As the presence of a tmatrix self-energy in channel 2−3 would spoil this property, inclusion of additional diagrams for the response function would be required to recover it.
8327	In this respect, it was pointed out in Ref.
8328	In addition, the diagrams of Fig.
8329	To appreciate how the different physical effects contribute to the theoretical spectra of Fig.
8330	We further include in Fig.
8331	The exciton-like effect is evident in Fig.
8332	The decline in oestrogen levels induced by ovariectomy increases osteoclast recruitment, differentiation, and survival; consequently, bone resorption exceeds bone formation.
8333	Therefore, the OP model demonstrated a loss of bone density and mechanical strength.
8334	However, this experimental rabbit osteoporosis model could be used for the investigation of the various surface modification or biomaterials with commercialized dental implants in the future study.
8335	During implant insertion, IT is calculated as the torsional loading between bone interface and implant thread.
8336	A high IT is associated with superior primary stability and could reduce micro-motion after placement.
8337	There were no significant differences in the ISQ values between the rough-surface and smooth-surface groups in the sham model, whereas the ISQ values in the rough group tended to be higher than those in the smooth group in the OP model.
8338	All implant sockets were prepared according to the Brånemark protocol in the manufacturer's instructions in the distal epiphysis of the knee joint of both femurs.
8339	The measurement was performed 3 times along both short and long axes to obtain average values in the placed implant.
8340	It does not include duration of symptoms and whether they started before the age of 7.
8341	Internal Consistency Reliability.
8342	Whole scale internal consistency reliabilities for the VADPRS, VADTRS, and C-DISC-IV appear in Table II .
8343	Item Analysis.
8344	Results suggest that the internal consistency and factor structure of the VADPRS are acceptable and consistent with DSM-IV and other accepted measures of ADHD.
8345	This change will provide more accurate prevalence estimates.
8346	This star is present in both observation periods, as are several weaker, as yet unidentified objects.
8347	However, using optical photometry and the spectral type of the companion, Johnston et al.
8348	Figure 1 depicts the orbital locations of the Ginga observation and the three sets of ROSAT observations.
8349	We have also searched for variability on shorter timescales by computing the average flux per GTI.
8350	No significant pulsed emission has been detected in either observation period, nor in the entire data set.
8351	Charles et al.
8352	This effect should be most pronounced at periastron, when the pulsar moves through the densest regions of the stellar wind.
8353	Lightseconds Fig.
8354	We will modify Gersten's proof for groups with the falsification by fellow traveler property, to show they are of type F 3 .
8355	Iteratively we can find successively shorter paths until we get the empty word.
8356	We call this the "tear" in the drum.
8357	Suppose a combinatorial 2-sphere Θ has area N, that is, it consists of N 2-cells.
8358	And we conclude with experiments in Section 4.
8359	In recent years data sets have been growing dramatically fast.
8360	We are interested in an approach that allow the use of a cluster of machines asynchronously computing gradients, but without requiring that the problem be either convex or sparse.
8361	The monitor extracts the first T parameters, which is used to compute the final ᇱ .
8362	Because the aim of this paper is to prove the superiority of the proposed distributed algorithm, we have chosen a simple single model in deep learning.
8363	The advantage of AutoEncoder is that we could get less hidden layers and use more hidden nodes.
8364	Although chromatin structure per se can support long-range interactions, the mechanisms of efficient communication between widely spaced DNA modules in chromatin remain a mystery.
8365	The action of protein molecules over large distances on DNA requires special facilitating mechanisms.
8366	None of the aforementioned work has looked at the contribution of chromatin structure to long-range enhancer-promoter interactions or explored the chromatin-folding problem from a multiscale perspective.
8367	We argue that the histone tails, because of their flexibility, are available for temporary electrostatic interactions with nucleosomes.
8368	Each nucleosome also carries a superhelical reference frame, which is used in the detection of excluded volume and the characterization of multinucleosomal arrangements.
8369	The charges on protein also moved in accordance with a Gaussian distribution based on the positions of the amino acid atoms comprising the clusters.
8370	Here we focused on the effects of electrostatic interactions between nucleosomes, likely mediated by flexible histone tails, in enhancer-promoter communication.
8371	Further restrictions on the "twisting" of the polymerase ellipsoid with respect to the cylindrical axis of the NtrC reduce the simulated looping propensities even further.
8372	This difference in chain configuration underlies the increased levels of end-to-end contact detected in the simulations of nucleosomal arrays.
8373	By representing these cycles on useful thermodynamic diagrams, we infer and confirm important aspects of the second law of thermodynamics.
8374	Secondly, it examines binaural rendering factors' effects on localization errors, informing software design decisions that balance perceptual performance with limited speed of portable computing.
8375	Following, is a brief discussion of selected experiments with quantitative evaluations.
8376	An optimal rendering system would use the shortest possible filters that don't significantly affect perceptual performance.
8377	Two rendering methods were used: discrete binaural rendering and a virtual ambisonic method.
8378	Tracks in Fig.
8379	Words with ambiguous senses and translations pose a core challenge for machine translation.
8380	We try to detect trigger words from the preceding context and use them as conditional variables in the translation distributions.
8381	The test set is also a collection of TED talks, consisting of 6'047 sentences and about 100'000 tokens.
8382	The talks differ greatly in terms of the covered topics, and therefore, have a high potential for ambiguous translations between them.
8383	However, it makes the corpus a feasible target for dynamic adaptation like our method.
8384	To solve this problem, we want to steer the search to semantically related words, instead of only filtering out infrequent words.
8385	We call them trigger words, and they appear in the context of a particular word sense.
8386	To detect them we compute the distance between the translation distributions of the ambiguous word with and without the presence of the trigger candidate.
8387	She encouraged women to teach spouses to perform and to teach the exercises calmly and confidently; to reinforce transformed the newly formed 'Alexander Technique' into a general remedy and preventative tool suitable for all populations.
8388	She explained that the active indigenous Indian lifestyle and regular exercises that maintain a functional pelvic anatomy were abandoned by the affluent.
8389	The book emphasized breathing, relaxation, conscious training of the pelvic floor muscles, and re-establishing good posture.
8390	It was there that Pilates started to connect springs to the hospital bed frames modifying them into effective and comfortable exercise devices which later evolved to become modern Pilates equipment.
8391	An exception was Pilates and his equipment.
8392	Within the MMB philosophical approach, the body's nutritional and movement systems were integral.
8393	Harmonious breathing and relaxation techniques are employed in every exercise repetition.
8394	Studio training is recommended for beginners, people with ailments or performing athletes.
8395	This leads to increased self-esteem, reduced health costs, and the expectation of a longer and high-quality life.
8396	Patients with other medical conditions, which precluded the study were excluded depending on the opinion of the authors.
8397	Fetal calf serum was purchased from Hangzhou Evergreen Biological Engineering Materials Co., Ltd.
8398	Total RNA extraction was performed in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions for TRIzol.
8399	Immunohistochemistry.
8400	The data are expressed as the mean ± standard deviation of 'n' experiments/samples.
8401	E-cadherin expression was significantly reduced in primary cancer tissues, while Snail expression was significantly increased.
8402	In this article we are interested in approximately counting all vertex covers in a graph using Monte Carlo methods.
8403	Of course, with node v 1 added, these sets remain vertex covers giving a total of eight covers.
8404	The two terms of the decomposition are computed as follows.
8405	The algorithm can also count vertex covers exactly in some cases.
8406	As an example consider the star graph on the right panel of Figure 1 , with n nodes.
8407	If the central vertex participates in the cover, then there are 2 n−1 covers, because any combination of the remaining n − 1 vertices yields a valid cover.
8408	The SIS performance is given in the following table.
8409	The design of the sequential sampling procedure guarantees that a valid vertex cover is generated.
8410	The temperature and bias dependences of the model are physically based, so the model is accurate and can be used for resistor geometries outside the range used to determine the parameters of the model.
8411	In Section II, we present the derivation of the resistor model, including dc characteristics, parasitic elements, temperature and frequency response.
8412	Let be the depth of the conducting region at zero reverse-bias.
8413	Typically, is close to the band-gap energy.
8414	The 3-terminal resistor model also includes contact resistances, tub/substrate resistance, and currents and capacitances of the body to tub/substrate p-n junction.
8415	To determine the best capacitance partitioning between , and , we examine an ideal RC transmission line with constant resistance and capacitance per unit length.
8416	Segmenting a large resistor into stages, each of which is implemented as a two-section model, will improve the frequency response further.
8417	In this case, the capacitance is partitioned unequally in the alternating sequence , except at the two endpoints where the capacitance is Fig.
8418	Existing polar coding schemes for interference channels rely on the use of polar codes for the multiple access channel, the code construction problem of which can be complicated.
8419	In this paper, we prove that our proposed scheme achieves the minimum generating rate of randomness.
8420	Details of our proposed scheme are presented in Section IV.
8421	We analyze the performance of our proposed scheme in Section V. In Section VI we discuss some extensions of our proposed scheme.
8422	Thus, this superposition coding scheme also involves the idea of dirty paper coding.
8423	From Section III we know that the rate for transmitting these symbols vanishes as N increases.
8424	The aim of using the chaining method here is to deal with the unreliable and insecure set R 2 .
8425	Details of the scheme are as follows and shown in Fig.
8426	Similar to the common message encoding, frozen symbols at F 2 can also be reused over different blocks.
8427	P U 1:N V 1:N X 1:N 1 X 1:N 2 Y 1:N 1 Y 1:N 2 −PŨ1:NṼ 1:NX 1:N 1X 1:N 2Ỹ 1:N 1Ỹ 1:N 2 ≤ δ c N .
8428	However, since U in fact carries private message in this case, it is equivalent to remove auxiliary random variable U and simply design a code on V .
8429	Thus, our proposed scheme can be seen as a general solution for the aforementioned multi-user polar coding problems.
8430	Devising sufficiently active and selective catalysts is one of the challenges of XXI-century chemistry.
8431	We describe this species as a ligand/cluster/support complex because it is a complex aggregate made of the metal ultrananocluster plus adsorbed ligands -in the present case, a carbonate ligand formed via the reaction of CO with O 2 and the successive removal of an oxygen adatom by another CO moleculein which both the metal cluster and the ligands are interacting with the oxide support so strongly that it is difficult to separate the individual interaction components.
8432	We therefore perform a few runs of ab initio MD at temperatures ranging from 300 to 1200 K and lasting 10-20 picosecond, and extract information regarding the possible disruption and diffusion routes.
8433	Let us elaborate on the issue of ligand/cluster diffusion.
8434	It can be recalled that defects other than purely geometrical ones have often been advocated as important nucleation and trapping centers for metal nanoclusters.
8435	For example, it emulates catalyst preparation in real-world catalytic systems, thus possibly shed some light on what often appear as 'black magic' protocols.
8436	The treatment of bone metastases requires a broad approach.
8437	It is an effective and safe noninvasive palliative treatment.
8438	However, when the spinal cord compression is suspected, high-dose corticosteroids should be administered and whole-spine magnetic resonance imaging scan performed as soon as possible but not later than 24 hours from the start of neurological deficit.
8439	Fractionated HBI proved to be safe, tolerable and effective.
8440	Five daily fractions of 3 Gy each is considered the standard HBI regimen.
8441	The potential toxicity of systemic administration of radioisotopes is reduced by their relatively selective targeting of the tumour.
8442	This phosphonate complex concentrates in the skeleton, in proportion that corresponds to osteoblastic activity.
8443	Together with betarays samarium emittes also gamma rays.
8444	The bone marrow suppression was generally mild and reversible, and pain flare was rare.
8445	They belong to group of betaemitters.
8446	These factors include obesity, chronic lung disease, chronic heart disease, chronic renal disease, diabetes mellitus, neuro-developmental disorders, pregnancy, certain age groups and severe immunosuppression.
8447	The 2009 H1N1 virus was detected by using real-time RT-PCR assays according to the protocol from the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, as recommended by the World Health Organization.
8448	The characteristics of the HSCT recipients with the 2009 H1N1 influenza are described in Table 2 .
8449	The 1 patient who had severe lymphopenia died after developing respiratory failure; 3 had an ALC of 201-499 cells/mL, 2 of whom developed respiratory failure and 1 died; and 9 had an ALC of 500-999 cells/mL, 4 of whom were hospitalized, but none developed severe disease nor died.
8450	It is also worth mentioning that the patient who was inadvertently not treated for the 2009 H1N1 influenza recovered completely without complications.
8451	Early diagnosis and the prompt initiation of therapy may have played a role in lowering the mortality rates in our cohort of patients.
8452	The authors declare no conflict of interest.
8453	It is a genetic disease.
8454	There is associated severe mental retardation.
8455	There is relative macroglossia and delayed eruption of teeth.
8456	It shows autosomal dominant inheritance.
8457	Sufferers are usually of short stature.
8458	It is probably a variant of the group of conditions now known as orofacial granulomatosis.
8459	There is an increase risk of developing parotid lymphoma with this condition.
8460	Viral infections, e.g.
8461	Pterygopalatine fossa syndrome is a similar condition where the first and second divisions of the trigeminal are affected.
8462	Detergent treatment of the crude nuclear fraction will initially release the DNA-binding protein, but later the association becomes detergent resistant.
8463	We also show that the association of ICP8 with the nucleus is defective for certain of these mutants.
8464	Molecular cloning of viral DNA.
8465	The mutation was further mapped by the use of the Sall subclones of the pEH60 plasmid.
8466	Thus, these also appear to have defects in the ICP8 molecule.
8467	This analysis suggests that there may be at least two clusters of mutations which define different mutant phenotypes associated with ICP8.
8468	Thus, ICP8 may be almost totally extranuclear in cells infected with strain tsH9 at 39°C.
8469	This was observed only at the nonpermissive temperature and thus appeared to be related to the ts lesions.
8470	Further work is in progress to examine the location of ICP8 in these mutant-infected cells at 39°C.
8471	The ray based imaging algorithms like Kirchhoff and beam migration are good enough for imaging the steep deeps and fault closures with moderate velocity contrast.
8472	However, in complex salt geometry areas the ray based algorithms are not sufficient for imaging the subsalt structures, due to the high velocity contrast between the low velocity sediment and high velocity salt.
8473	Faster convergence of the velocity model through tomography needs a good initial velocity model.
8474	Both the source and receiver wavefields are saved to disk down to that depth and then multiple velocity models are used for simultaneous RTM runs for the deeper portion.
8475	Due to high heating rate and high pressures, consolidation during the SPS occurs at relatively low temperatures and within short time intervals.
8476	The temperature of deformation was chosen based on preliminary experiments; at lower temperatures the MMC did not possess enough ductility for the SPD treatment.
8477	In the majority of the microstructures, a very high dislocation density was observed, probably due to a large number of the TiB particles.
8478	Dislocation density measured by XRD increased from 1.2 × 10 15 m −2 in the initial condition to 1.7 × 10 15 m −2 after one revolution.
8479	It should be noted that the difference in hardness between the center and edge of the specimen increased during HPT.
8480	The microhardness at the edge of the specimen increased with strain more intensively than that in the center.
8481	The results of the present work show considerable changes in microstructure as a result of one to five revolutions during HPT at 400 °C.
8482	The microstructure evolution during HPT at room temperature is usually associated with the formation of low-angle grain boundaries at low strains and transformation of some of these low-angle subgrain boundaries into high-angle grain boundaries at higher strains giving rise to a considerable microstructure refinement.
8483	The formation of very small grains in the Ti/TiB MMCs during HPT can be associated with a higly constrained deformation due to the present of a large number of TiB whiskers and very high dislocation density in the initial condition.
8484	More interesting is to consider the effect of the observed features on mechanical properties.
8485	Typical values of M and α accepted for approximate calculations are 3 and 0.5, respectively.
8486	Due to very small difference in coefficient of thermal expansions between Ti and TiB the effect of prismatic punching of dislocations at Ti/TiB interface on strength was too small to mention.
8487	Iron uptake in mammalian cells is initiated by the binding of holoTf to the TfR on the cell surface.
8488	Clathrin vesicles in protozoa seem to play a crucial role in the acquisition of nutrients.
8489	Cultures were grown in glass screw-cap tubes at 37 uC for 48 h and incubated for 6 h in medium without serum before starting the experiments.
8490	This mAb was discontinued by the supplier, so the H68.4 mAb, which recognizes TfR cytoplasmic residues, was used instead.
8491	In E. histolytica, EhADH2 would be acting as a receptor for obtaining iron and as a binding protein for ECM components.
8492	Perhaps holoTf interacts rapidly with EhTfbp because even at shorter times the blocking effect could be observed.
8493	It is also possible that holoTf might bind to EhTfbp and then to another protein or receptor before being internalized in clathrin-coated vesicles.
8494	The thinning activity of 400 mg · L L1 ACC was equivalent to the standard rescue thinning spray in 2010, whereas 350 mg · L L1 metamitron reduced fruit set more effectively than either the standard or ACC in 2010.
8495	Application of 400 mg · L L1 ACC plus 350 mg · L L1 metamitron when the mean fruit diameter was 18 mm reduced fruit set to almost no crop in 2010.
8496	The effects of delayed applications of ACC and metamitron on fruit set tended to be greater when these two chemicals were combined, suggesting that the creation of a carbohydrate stress and the capacity to convert ACC to ethylene are both required to trigger abscission of apple fruit larger than 18 mm in diameter.
8497	The number of fruit within this sample that exhibited a dropped calyx or that were flattened was counted.
8498	The standard re-thinning spray did not result in thinning if it was applied when fruit were greater than 25 mm in 2011 or greater than 33 mm in 2012.
8499	Rescue thinning treatments that included metamitron aggressively thinned Gale 'Gala' in 2010, reducing cropload to levels that were less than commercially acceptable.
8500	Because there were no significant interactions between metamitron and ACC in the 'GoldRush' study, only the main effects are presented.
8501	The combined application of metamitron and ACC generally exhibited greater thinning activity than either chemical alone, even having thinning activity if applied when the mean fruit diameter was 33 mm in one study.
8502	It is usually caused by Actinomyces israelii, an anaerobic grampositive organism that is normally present in the oral cavity.
8503	The anterior cervical infection and malodorous discharge showed a good response to antibiotic treatment and the inflammation gradually resolved with long-term antibiotic therapy.
8504	However, due to incomplete closure of the fistulas and an 8-mm defect in the thyroid cartilage, laryngoscopy and multiple biopsies of the stoma were performed to rule out malignancy.
8505	Arytenoids were sutured to the lateral sides in order to prevent mucosal prolapse.
8506	HIV antibody test result was negative.
8507	This case demonstrates the difficulties of managing patients with C. gattii infection and an unusual co-infection with L. monocytogenes.
8508	Lifetime dual antiplatelet therapy was prescribed.
8509	The dorsal stream projects to the posterior parietal cortex and the ventral pathway projects to the inferotemporal cortex.
8510	While the first and last PEGASEAS forums 2 had a wide remit around governance needs, the second forum focussed specifically on the exchange of best practices and methods between scientists and policy-makers and stakeholders.
8511	However, during a project"s development stage appropriate scientific and governance partners must be identified in order to ensure project effectiveness.
8512	For example, the Barcelona Convention focusing on the Mediterranean Sea and OSPAR on the Atlantic contains some policies and governance methods that could be used for the Channel.
8513	An example of this can be found in the implementation of establishing a framework for maritime spatial planning.
8514	Supporting governance and cooperation at the scale of the Channel is therefore necessary to meet the specific needs of this shared sea.
8515	Multi-disciplinary and cross-sectorial projects and integrated approaches are essential to improve Channel management and governance.
8516	In this way, we say that the original measured signal f has been denoised.
8517	The Brezis-Lieb condition and convergence of minimizers.
8518	Corollary 3.3.
8519	We give an example for the widely used L 1 -penalization.
8520	Remark 3.9.
8521	We proceed as above.
8522	This organization consists of some divisions.
8523	Because self-efficacy is developed from external experiences and self-perception and is influential in determining the outcome of many events, it is important in the self-efficacy theory.
8524	Having a success, for example in mastering a task or controlling an environment, will build self-belief in that area whereas failure will undermine that efficacy belief.
8525	Depression, for example, can dampen confidence in our capabilities.
8526	Motivation, high self-efficacy can affect motivation in both positive and negative ways.
8527	In general, people with high self-efficacy are more likely to make efforts to complete a task, and to persist longer in those efforts, than those with low self-efficacy.
8528	A students with a low self-efficacy will attribute the result to poor mathematical ability.
8529	In the running of this program, santri did not escape from their supervisor's guidance or their teachers in carrying out their duties.
8530	A program will depend on how their effort in performing their tasks.
8531	The Chairstudents of ISMI oversees all parts as a whole from extracurricular disciplines and activities.
8532	The instrument was compiled in the form of a questionnaire that was developed using a Likert scale of three alternatives choices, namely: agree, doubt, and disagree.
8533	Thus it can be seen from the responses of the quetionnaire that santri with high selfefficacy will be able to carry out tasks, activities or actions and continue to strive if they encounter obstacles in achieving their goals.
8534	Besides, they are also expected to have a good sense of belonging towards improving the quality of santri organization in Daar El-Qolam.
8535	The collective defects yield blastocysts with fewer overall cells, 155 increased ICM apoptosis and reduced capacity to populate pluripotent EPI; indicating a potential pluripotency 156 regulating role.
8536	As 336 referenced above, the HA-epitope tag incorporated within the confirmed HA-Wwc2 'phenotypic rescue' mRNA 337 construct not only enabled us to verify its translation but also its sub-cellular localisation within the microinjected 338 clone, using an immuno-staining approach.
8537	We therefore hypothesised the meiotic maturation phenotypes identified 382 in Wwc2 mRNA depleted GV oocytes may be associated with impaired levels of activated p-AURKA.
8538	However, in the Wwc2 siRNA microinjected 388 group, we were not able to detect p-AURKA at either the equivalent GV or MII stages.
8539	Wwc2 is a paralog of the confirmed Hippo-activator Kibra 56, 57, 58, 59, 60 , it is tempting to speculate the developmental 477 timing of the cell number phenotype is particularly relevant.
8540	Clinical risk factors for HO after THA include male sex, hypertrophic osteoarthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, hip ankylosis, and African-American ethnicity that suggest a common, complex aetiology.
8541	The identification of susceptibility loci and putative mechanisms in common, complex HO provide a novel opportunity for the development of targeted interventions.
8542	Both its mechanism of action and functional importance in health and disease are currently unexplored.
8543	The activation of ERK MAPK is critical to osteoblast differentiation in mouse models, 40 Runx2 and osteocalcin/Bglap being major targets of this pathway.
8544	Achilles tenotomy in the rat is an established model of heterotopic ossification that closely recapitulates heterotopic ossification associated with joint replacement.
8545	Given a structural optimized SEPM is short and squat, much of the available launch fairing volume is filled up leaving only a narrow radial gap into which the SAWs must fit.
8546	Given the stowed SAW tie down locations will not be generally located in optimum locations, SAW structures may incur a mass penalty associated with stiffer cores, thicker facesheets and/or the need for greater localized panel reinforcements.
8547	A detailed coupled loads analysis has not been performed to define stowed SAW loads during launch.
8548	However, the main EP plume should be avoided by deployed SAWs to limit unwanted disturbance momentum transfer to the spacecraft and to limit excessive xenon ion sputtering of SAW surfaces and the resulting molecular contamination produced.
8549	A MegaFlex TM SAW center of gravity is closer to the spacecraft allowing these MOIs to be smaller than a more traditional, slender rectangular shape SAW, such as the ROSA.
8550	Specifically, the ROSA IZZ MOI ranged from between 10-40X greater than the ARV IZZ MOI.
8551	The fact that the xenon propellant tanks are packaged close to the center line of the spacecraft was the reason that varying the propellant tankage level had such a minor impact on the overall spacecraft MOIs.
8552	A clocking angle of 45° for docking, then, could position a SAW to encounter two thruster plumes simultaneously depending on planned thruster operation for docking maneuvers.
8553	The maximum torsional moment was found to be around a clocking angle of 30° for both SAW types.
8554	The resulting reaction forces and moments at the SADA -offset boom interface for the starboard SAW are shown in Figure 20b .
8555	Likewise, the damping of the SADA has to be taken into account when estimating the overall dynamic response of the integrated SAW and SADA assembly.
8556	The maximum displacement for the SAW outer gores is about 0.81 m for this case which is quite acceptable.
8557	Instead, landing site attributes will be measured in real time during the mission and landing sites selected on the basis of meeting many predefined criteria for safe spacecraft operations and surface boulder extraction probability of success.
8558	If NASA elects to use the selected ARM SAW design or technology for other mission applications, the deployed SAW KIZ may not be defined.
8559	Thus, contact between the 2 SAWs must be avoided to manage ISS and crew safety risks and loss of channel power.
8560	The Gnome event was designed primarily to determine the effects resulting from an underground nuclear detonation in salt.
8561	The device had a yield of approximately 3.5 KT, and was detonated 360 m below ground surface on December 10, 1961.
8562	Hydrogeologic parameters such as K and ne can be highly variable as a result of geologic heterogeneity.
8563	Thus, the natural logarithms of hydraulic conductivity data can be described by a normal distribution with a mean p .
8564	It is predicted that tritium concentrations are reduced by dilution and dispersion during transport.
8565	The radioactive elements that vented were volatile and noble gases such as l3lI7 133Xe, 85Kr, as well as 3H in the steam.
8566	The major events modeled for this study are the nuclear shot in 1961, the tracer test in 1963, and the release of radionuclides from the Gnome cavity into the Culebra via wells SR Nos.
8567	The parameters used for the transport calculations are discussed in detail below.
8568	The main components of this source are radionuclides placed in the zero room for the isotope production study, and the Gnome nuclear test itself.
8569	Non-radioactive materials were also added to the shot for shielding and support.
8570	All of these factors are essentially unknown for the Gnome test, though the distribution of nuclides and timing of release can be reasonably estimated for the tracer test.
8571	Values reported by Janzer et al.
8572	It should be emphasized that the lQ values available for these nuclides are uncertain, and that the transport calculations do not include all the other possible attenuation factors described by Smith et al.
8573	The spreading is noted at the control plane as early arrivals in advance of the bulk of the contaminant mass, and a "tail', of trailing arrivals behind the bulk of the mass.
8574	Values of 4.5 and 6.0 were considered for the sensitivity analysis.
8575	Additional modeling was conducted to approximate the distance from SGZ at which tritium concentrations would not exceed 20,000 pCi/L.
8576	The sensitivity of sorption values was analyzed by evaluating 90Sr and 137Cs concentrations crossing the site boundary.
8577	This was assumed to be the lowest reasonable velocity for groundwater in the Culebra in the Gnome area.
8578	It should be noted that these variances are probably far higher than would be expected were more data available, but the results are still useful, in that they illustrate the effect that error in the variance has on predicted radionuclide concentrations.
8579	If a variance of 6.0 is assumed, mean tritium concentration 8 km west of SGZ would peak at 60,200 pCi/L, and would require nearly 11 km to fall below 20,000 pCi/L.
8580	If both 3H and are present, or if they are present with any other beta or photon emitter, the maximum concentration limits for each will be lower such that the combined dose rate remains below 4 mredyr.
8581	Given the preliminary status of the proposed revisions, all of the maximum contaminant levels referred to here are those in 40 CFR 141.16 as of 1996.
8582	In the case of both tritium and 90Sr, having the tracer test as a source in addition to the nuclear shot also contributes to transport.
8583	The low concentrations are a result of either relatively small initial masses combined with decay, andor strongly sorbing properties indicated by the sparse laboratory data.
8584	Thus, the results suggest that even without the release of radionuclides from the Gnome cavity to the Culebra, concentrations of 3H and 90Sr greater than drinking water standards may be present beyond the current drilling exclusion boundary.
8585	These results are based on available data, which are extremely sparse.
8586	In addition to the fundamental uncertainty regarding whether or not a release can occur from the nuclear shot cavity, there are uncertainties as to the release function that affect the timing and magnitude of introduction of radionuclides into the aquifer.
8587	Does the relation to the true gradient change over learning?
8588	Thus, the update given by eq.5 is arguably more biologically plausible than the update in eq.2.
8589	This suggests that the forward weights are able to learn to scale up such that the input given to the crude derivative is approximately in the range where the derivative changes and not in the middle of a flat plateau.
8590	Second, intromittent genital structures show greater morphological divergence and complexity than nonintromittent structures, and divergence between intromittent and nonintromittent structures is uncorrelated.
8591	We test a large collection of individuals that possess variation in posterior lobe size and shape to determine the importance of quantitative variation in morphology on several pre-and postcopulatory reproductive measures and identify the aspects of morphology that affect fitness.
8592	We also confirmed the ability of elavGAL80 to silence apGAL4 at other developmental stages by examining the nervous system of stage 11-17 embryos.
8593	Elliptical Fourier coefficients were adjusted to standardize location, orientation, and handedness within the coordinate plane prior to PCA.
8594	Therefore, as a complement to EFA, we made three additional posterior lobe measurements.
8595	The results of these tests were consistent with the previous one and show that posterior lobe area was significant for its effect on sperm transfer and oviposition, although it was not significant for its effect on the number of offspring.
8596	In one set of crosses, we mated single w females with a single male from a focal genotype before mating these females with a male from a reference genotype.
8597	In a second set, we performed the reciprocal crosses by mating single females with reference males, followed by focal males.
8598	One possible explanation for these differences is that selection pressures on the posterior lobe are different in each of these species.
8599	Although we used genetic manipulations to alter posterior lobe morphology, it is unlikely that the genotypes we constructed gave rise to abnormal phenotypes other than those of the posterior lobe that significantly influenced reproductive success.
8600	Chemicals.
8601	Control reactions without microsomes and UDPGA were simultaneously performed.
8602	The solutions were then centrifuged for 15 min at 12,000g.
8603	The rates of substrate metabolism were calculated as a ratio of the surface area under the substrate HPLC peak after and before enzymatic reaction.
8604	Chromatograms of the incubation mixtures with RLM presented in Fig.
8605	ESI-MS spectra recorded for these peaks gave m/z values of 367.1 and m/z 381.1, respectively.
8606	Human E. coli recombinant enzymes CYP1A2, 2C9, 2C19, 2D6, and 3A4, the representatives of three P450 FIG.
8607	To evaluate whether C-1311 or C-1330 inhibits cytochrome P450 enzymes, the influence of both agents on metabolism of standard substrates of selected P450s was investigated.
8608	The comparison of retention times and UV-Vis and ESI-MS spectra of P UGT and P5 observed with recombinant UGT and microsomes, respectively, allowed the conclusion that they were identical metabolites.
8609	We showed that C-1311, as well as its less active 8-methoxy analog, C-1330, was metabolized with liver microsomal enzymes, resulting in identical products in rats and humans.
8610	It may be advantageous to develop a drug that is metabolized by FMO enzymes but not by P450s.
8611	HPLC bands at 16, 22, and 27 min relate to metabolites P1 H , P2 H , and P4 H , respectively.
8612	Reactions were terminated with an equal amount of methanol, and after precipitation of microsomal proteins supernatants were analyzed by HPLC via direct injection.
8613	FIG.
8614	These two fundamental dimensions -timing and meaning -frame the broader study of the relationship between gesture and language.
8615	There are also correlations between specific gestural forms and the information structural role of the speech they accompany.
8616	Moreover, like prosody, gesture has effects on the meaning of a given string.
8617	Recent formal work has debated the nature of the supplementary semantic information that gesture can contribute.
8618	In this way, emblems are analogous to ideophones in spoken languages -most, if not all, languages have at least some, but they vary dramatically in how prominent a role they play in the language.
8619	The discussion thus far has been devoted to establishing and exploring the intimate relationship between language and gesture in human communication.
8620	A child who has not yet mastered Piagetian conservation may, for example, believe that the amount of water has changed when poured from a tall thin glass into a short wide dish.
8621	Language, French Sign Language, Nicaraguan Sign Language, and Nicaraguan homesign.
8622	She has also explored the spontaneous gestures of hearing children and their parents, the insights early gesture offers into language development, and language learning in typically developing and brain-injured children.
8623	So, the continuous emergence of newer strains of CPV is an ever growing concern among dog owners, breeders and veterinarians around the world.
8624	Samples along with the history viz.
8625	Canine parvovirus has emerged as one of the most important disease of pups in recent times.
8626	Out of 85 samples from dogs exhibiting clinical signs of CPV, 7 were positive by PCR and 39 were positive with NPCR indicating increased sensitivity of nested PCR.
8627	Another reason for this could be that the samples containing very few virus particles might be harbouring inhibitory substances as reported by Kumar et al.
8628	We study dimensionality reduction as a problem in unsupervised learning.
8629	If PCA and MDS are spectral methods for linear dimensionality reduction, what are their nonlinear counterparts?
8630	Like PCA and MDS, the algorithm we propose for manifold learning is based on a simple geometric intuition.
8631	Imagine each input x i as a steel ball that is connected to its k nearest neighbors by rigid rods.
8632	The effect of the rigid rods is to fix the distances and angles between nearest neighbors, no matter what other forces are applied to the inputs.
8633	Finally, we need to express the objective function in Eq.
8634	The images in this figure were obtained from the intermediate solutions of a variance-maximizing optimization subject to centering and local distance constraints.
8635	The eigenvalues of K are guaranteed to be nonnegative.
8636	As the optimization in Eq.
8637	In such problems, the optimization can be used to return the variance-maximizing embedding in Euclidean space that best preserves local distances.
8638	This is reflected through the artificial wave in the third dimension.
8639	We are not aware of any finite-size guarantees provided by the other algorithms.
8640	Maximizing variance subject to neighborhood-preserving constraints does not seem to be the best intuition for problems in classification.
8641	We will then provide both theoretical and empirical supports.
8642	Our algorithm is rooted in the connection between Bayes' rule and optimization.
8643	Meanwhile, the product in the numerator could be arbitrary complex which makes its representation and sampling difficult.
8644	To avoid scanning through the entire data in each gradient evaluation, we will resort to stochastic optimization.
8645	In both cases, we exploit randomization for computational benefits.
8646	It should be noticed that the one-pass SMC starts with more particles while our algorithm only requires the same number of particles at final stage according to the analysis.
8647	For the SGD NPV, it could locate both modes, however, it optimizes a non-convex objective which is highly costly and makes variance estimation inaccurate.
8648	This is expectable because searching in the Gaussian family is simpler comparing to nonparametric density family.
8649	SGD NPV is flexible with mixture models family, however, its speed becomes the bottleneck.
8650	For each algorithm a grid-search was run on step-size parameters and the best performance is reported.
8651	We propose a scalable, provable yet simple algorithm, Particle Mirror Descent, for large-scale Bayesian inference.
8652	Our algorithm is rooted in the connection between optimization and Bayesian inference.
8653	Proof for Lemma 1.
8654	Because the objective function is 1-strongly convex w.r.t.
8655	In this section, we provide the details of the convergence analysis of the proposed algorithm in terms of integral approximation w.r.t.
8656	Then given the above setting for the kernel function and the smooth densities, we can characterize the error of the weighted kernel density estimator as follows.
8657	For completeness and also for future reference, we provide the exact statement of the bound below in line with Theorem 5 and Corollary 15.
8658	Use McDiarmid's inequality similar as proof for Corollary 15.
8659	Proof for Lemma 18.
8660	The document is modeled by a mixture of topics, with the mixing proportion θ d ∈ R 1×K .
8661	This reasoning is similar to the methodology used by Prentice et al.
8662	As GMD allows versioning of papers, any future updates to our preindustrial human burning equations, e.g., improved in light of new archaeological or paleoecological evidence, can be incorporated into the comprehensive model description paper.
8663	Can the new estimate of fuel bulk density for tundra ecosystems be validated in any way?
8664	The crown-fire approach must be related to existing modeling approaches discussing the state-of-the-art and therefore providing evidence for the type of equations and their parameterization.
8665	Realizing that a proper treatment of crown fires requires more in-depth research, we removed this parameterization from the model code and from the manuscript text.
8666	No monolithic slope covers the spatial extent represented by a half-degree gridcell anywhere on earth.
8667	The modification to account for multiple-day burning must be clearly written and presented in form of equations to improve the understanding of the modeling approach, and the relation to the other ignition and climatic fire risk calculation must be explained.
8668	In areas such as Alaska where lighting strikes are rare, the persistence of individual ignitions that may evolve into large fires over several days or months is essential.
8669	We found that separating burned from unburned fractions was essential when we implemented our scheme for multi-day burning and the possibility for smoldering ignitions.
8670	Reducing the PFT parameterization to calibration factors removes the opportunity to learn something new about the functioning of ecosystems.
8671	As also mentioned above, we prefer to include the description of our preindustrial anthropogenic burning scheme for completeness of the record in a journal that is intended for the publication of model descriptions.
8672	Regarding the second point on land use fragmentation, so far we only distinguish between "natural land" and "agricultural land", with agricultural land being used for growing crops, and natural land being the fraction of the grid cell that is covered with the potential natural vegetation cover simulated by LPJ.
8673	So is this model modification well thought-through and name it SPITFIRE-2?
8674	We apologize for any misunderstanding we may have caused.
8675	At the end of the incubation culture supernatants were collected and stored at -20°C for cytokine and chemokine assay.
8676	Therefore we further studied the effect of ginger extract on the expression of CD80, CD86 and CD40 on murine peritoneal macrophages in presence of LPS stimulation.
8677	To confirm the inhibitory effect of ginger extract on antigen presentation by macrophages, we performed a primary MLR where ginger extract treated macrophages were used as the only APC source.
8678	Our study for the first time shows the mechanism by which ginger exerts its anti inflammatory effects on macrophage and T cell activation.
8679	Increase RANTES production is associated with a wide range of inflammatory disorders.
8680	The present study confirms the inhibitory effect of ginger extract on production of proinflammatory cytokines as shown by previous studies.
8681	In order to understand the PSG-specific expression of the fhx/p25 gene, the binding sites of SGFB and PSGF were combined with a synthetic TATA box of the A3 gene and this synthetic promoter was sufficient to drive PSG-specific expression of the reporter gene.
8682	Recombinant baculoviruses were injected into the haemocoel of newly-ecdysed fifth instar larvae.
8683	Some speed and reliability is thereby sacrificed, but greater applicability of the intramuscular method has led to its routine adoption in many units.
8684	They found that in the first trimester vasopressin was about equi-active with oxytocin, while in the second trimester vasopressin was about one and a half times more active than oxytocin.
8685	In the later months of pregnancy, as the behaviour of the uterus gradually changes, the superiority of oxytocin becomes more obvious and as term approaches it is clearly the dominant oxytocic, possessing five to io times the activity of vasopressin.
8686	Prevalence of metabolic syndrome, a major public health issue, has been increasing steadily, resulting in a growing interest in developing drugs to correct dyslipidemia and hyperglycemia.
8687	Ren et al.
8688	After 8 days, this increased bcell proliferation resulted in a 3-fold higher pancreatic b-cell area, associated with improved b-cell function, and improved glucose tolerance.
8689	Because lipasin is present in the human circulation, it is critical to quantify its levels.
8690	For non-diabetic and diabetic groups the mean age was 46.1 6 2.5 and 48.2 6 2.6 years, respectively, and the mean BMI was 26.2 6 1.2 and 26.9 6 1.0 kg/m 2 , respectively.
8691	Lipasin mRNA expression in liver was increased in mice with dietinduced obesity 2 .
8692	The 53 human subjects had a BMI ranging from 17.8 to 44.9 kg/m 2 .
8693	To test whether serum lipasin levels are altered following a meal, we recruited 12 non-diabetic human subjects.
8694	Type 2 diabetic patients exhibit hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia and hypertriglyceridemia.
8695	Nevertheless, in the current study, no correlation between fasting levels of lipasin and triglycerides was observed.
8696	It has been well established that in mice lipasin mRNA is induced by feeding 4, 5, 14 ; this is consistent with the current observation, because feeding Serum lipasin levels were examined using ELISA.
8697	After written informed consent was obtained, comprehensive screening tests were performed such as vitals, BMI, medical/health history, complete blood chemistry, CBC, HbA1c, and lipid profile.
8698	The differences were considered statistically significant if P , 0.05.
8699	In this paper, we propose a system to detect image replicas.
8700	For instance, the method is not applicable to already disseminated copyrighted content nor in the case of illicit content.
8701	More specifically, no distance is directly computed, but it is rather the number of matching KPs which quantifies the similarity between two images.
8702	More precisely, a DPF is generated for each pair of reference and unknown images, to measure the similarity between the two.
8703	The attractiveness of the proposed approach lies in the existence of efficient algorithms to index simple volumes and retrieve them.
8704	Second, it reduces the space dimensionality by keeping only the relevant information.
8705	More precisely, the estimates for different orientations but for the same scale are grouped in a vector and Fourier transform is applied to it.
8706	This results in a total of 20 mean and 20 variance estimates.
8707	A histogram is computed, giving the proportion of each colour class in the image.
8708	Channel Statistics.
8709	This is achieved by computing two shapes characteristics for each colour class: spreadness and elongation.
8710	Each box partially describes the estimated replica partition while its entire estimation is given by their union.
8711	For every original images selected in the previous section, replica partitions are constructed using Algorithm 1.
8712	Moreover, the performance can be improved by testing each entry of C with an adapted binary classifier.
8713	The role of temperature and weather patterns in seasonal variation of AMI has also been explored with varying results.
8714	For purposes of the study, the seasons were defined as follows: winter ϭ December 21 to March 19; spring ϭ March 20 to June 19; summer ϭ June 20 to September 21; fall ϭ September 22 to December 20.
8715	The date of AMI symptom onset was used to characterize seasonal patterns in the occurrence of AMI.
8716	Queries are telephoned to local registry coordinators for resolution of discrepant entries.
8717	Abbreviations and Acronyms AMI ϭ acute myocardial infarction NRMI ϭ National Registry of Myocardial Infarction Seasonal variation by geographic region.
8718	The majority of previous studies examining seasonal differences in AMI mortality have failed to adjust for seasonal differences in the population at risk for dying of AMI because only the absolute number of deaths were considered and not death rates.
8719	In the present study, no such restriction criteria were imposed, resulting in a more than threefold greater number of cases studied and most likely a more representative sample of patients with AMI.
8720	Study limitations.
8721	The etiologic mechanism underlying the seasonal pattern of AMI observed in this study are unclear.
8722	It is possible that other seasonal variations in platelet physiology are involved in the observed periodicity of AMI.
8723	Financial capacity comprises a broad range of conceptual, pragmatic, and judgmental abilities important to the independent functioning of older adults.
8724	Financial capacity represents a broad continuum of activities and specific skills.
8725	Cutoff scores for distinguishing capable from marginally capable outcomes, and marginally capable from incapable outcomes, were set at 1.5 SDs and 2.5 SDs, respectively, below the control group mean for the domain.
8726	We first present a domain-and task-based model of financial capacity.
8727	Controls were cognitively intact, healthy, older adults who were recruited from the community.
8728	Patients with moderate AD performed significantly below controls and patients with mild AD on all domains.
8729	Table 4 provides the capacity outcomes for the subgroups of patients with AD on the 6 FCI domains.
8730	This pattern of pronounced capacity loss on more difficult domains probably reflects the higher order neurocognitive deficits characteristic of mild AD-in abstract reasoning, executive function, semantic knowledge, as well as short-term recall.
8731	Neurocognitive deficits are global and advanced in moderate AD and involve basic attentional 44, 45 and receptive language capacities, 44 as well as memory, calculations, and basic semantic knowledge, and executive function.
8732	The findings have important clinical implications.
8733	The proofs of these results are in Sections 3 and 4.
8734	In the next section, some notations and lemmas will be recalled.
8735	By summing the number of paths over those subgraphs, we obtain the desired result.
8736	With X , Y and C, we introduce Method B to find more subgraphs of G 1 × G 2 .
8737	Take x 1 , x 2 , .
8738	Execution efficiency is accomplished by three key techniques, each of which is enabled or enhanced by domain-specificity.
8739	Our technique partially evaluates programs into stream dataflow graphs, enabling abstraction and modularity with zero performance overhead.
8740	WaveScript merely removes certain performance barriers to their application in the embedded domain by exploiting a domain-specific programming model.
8741	Data rates and timing between Sigsegs on these streams are inherently unpredictable, since a stream may represent the union of several streams arriving from different nodes on the network, or may have had filters applied to it to remove some Sigsegs that are not of interest to the application.
8742	This provides an extremely rich context for manipulating and composing signals.
8743	In WaveScript, however, rather than directly define operators and their connections, the programmer writes a declarative program that manipulates named, first-class streams and stream transformers: functions that take and produce streams.
8744	Figure 2 shows the main body of our marmot-detection application.
8745	In this program, variable names are bound to streams, and function applications transform streams.
8746	Network communication occurs wherever node streams are consumed by the server, or vice-versa.
8747	First, we will explain the fundamental iterate construct in more depth.
8748	Notice that iterate takes only a single input stream; the only way to process multiple streams is to first merge them.
8749	Iterate is similar to a map operation, but more general in that it maintains state between invocations and it is not required to produce exactly one output element for each input element.
8750	In asynchronous dataflow, synchronization is an important issue.
8751	SyncSelect also takes a "control stream" that instructs it to sample only particular time ranges of data.
8752	In Figure 4 we define a simpler synchronization function, zip, that forms one-to-one matches of elements on its two input streams, outputting them together in a tuple.
8753	These buffers are mutable state, private to zip.
8754	Note that this version of zip may use an arbitrarily large amount of memory for its buffers.
8755	The marmotScores function in Figure 3 consumes a stream of Sigsegs.
8756	A Sigseg contains a sequence of elements, a timestamp for the first element, and a time interval between elements.
8757	In addition to the code in Figure 2 , the programmer also must specify an inventory of the nodes-type of hardware, and so on-in a configuration file.
8758	A naive way to implement WaveScript is to use a language with support for threads and communication channels, such as Concurrent ML or Java.
8759	WaveScript instead exposes the stream graph to the compiler, allowing a range of stream optimizations described in Section 5.
8760	Each thread, when a data element becomes available, performs a depth-first traversal of the operators on that thread, thereby "following" the data through.
8761	The result of interpretation is a stream value.
8762	Let's consider a small example.
8763	This provides the lowestlatency execution of WaveScript source, which is relevant to one of our applications that involves large numbers of short-lived WaveScript "queries" submitted over a web-site.
8764	It also keeps us honest with respect to our claim that our reification of a stream graph yields exactly the same behavior as direct execution.
8765	We start with the whole query on one CPU, and when we encounter splitjoins in the graph, assign the parallel paths to other CPUs in roundrobin order, if they are deemed "heavyweight".
8766	Currently we use this simple heuristic: split the operator into as many copies as there are CPUs.
8767	Phase ordering can be a problem, as fusion may combine a stateless operator with an adjacent stateful one, destroying the possibility for fission.
8768	The following function from the DOA stage would search a range of angles and fill the results of that search into a new array.
8769	Functions like rewindow are defined directly in the language, so if the interpret-and-reify pass inlines their definitions to produce a stream graph, then rewrite rules will no longer apply.
8770	Our original goal was to demonstrate the ease of programming applications in a high-level domain-specific language.
8771	In fact, we were quite surprised by our performance advantage.
8772	A significant fraction of the application was developed in the field during a ten-day trip to Colorado.
8773	However, the C implementation was significantly less efficient at handling data, being constrained by the layered abstraction of the EmStar framework.
8774	A given stage of processing may execute on the VoxNet node, the laptop base station, or offline on a large server.
8775	Because the marmot application involves a relatively small number of operators, and because they pass data in Sigsegs, the benefits of fusion optimization are modest.
8776	Figure 8 shows the parallel speedup gained by applying each of these optimizations to the DOA phase of the marmot application.
8777	This level is the point at which the serial components of the plan become the bottleneck, and are unable to provide additional work to the pool of threads.
8778	We observed a 1.38× speedup-which enabled a substantial increase in in-the-field functionality by allowing more complex programs to run on our embedded nodes-using half as much code.
8779	For personal use only.
8780	Some are toxic if an excess amount is consumed.
8781	Groups exhibiting high use of nutritional supplements should be given attention to prevent transgression toward prohibited methods.
8782	Early epidemiologic studies of plasma lipoproteins resulted in controversy regarding the information predictive of coronary heart disease provided by plasma ultracentrifugation in addition to that derived from total cholesterol measurement.2 S The further development of concepts of plasma lipid transport mechanisms and simplified methods for measurement and classification of lipoprotein abnor-malities6 stimulated numerous clinical and epidemio-logic investigations.
8783	Given the high prevalence of sex hormone usage and the demonstrated influences of exogenous sex hormones on lipid and lipoprotein levels,20-25 data for female LRC participants are presented by sex hormone usage, although emphasis in this report is not on the effect of sex hormone usage.
8784	Cholesterol values increase from 162 mg/dl in the age group 20-24 years to a maximum of 215 mg/dl in the 50-54-year age group.
8785	The slope of the cholesterol increment over successive age cohorts is greatest between 20-34 years; thereafter, the age-related increase in cholesterol levels is progressively less pronounced until a plateau is reached over the age strata 50-59 years.
8786	The triglyceride values of white males rise from 89 mg/dl in the 20-24-year age group to a peak between the ages 40-44 years, and decrease subsequently to a mean value of 134 mg/dl at ages 55-59 years.
8787	Fasting plasma triglyceride levels of females can .
8788	The 20-24-year-old males and females not taking sex hormones have comparable mean cholesterol values; the age-dependent increase of plasma cholesterol levels occurs predominantly between ages 20-45 years in males, and in females it takes place also during middle age.
8789	In all age groups beyond age 30 years, females taking hormones have higher HDL-C levels than females not taking hormones, with an increasing difference over successively older examinees.
8790	This study provides a comparable baseline of lipoprotein-cholesterol distributions in the 10 North American populations examined by the LRC Population Studies.
8791	The HDL-C differences by sex increase over successive birth cohorts through middle age, by virtue of a small linear increment of HDL with age in females, while no changes with age are detectable on HDL-C values in males until the sixth age decade.
8792	A small sample of Swedish men and women was examined by Carlson and Ericsson to ascertain referent control values for their study on lipoproteins in coronary heart disease patients.32 Bang et al.
8793	Slack and co-workers45 reported on serum cholesterol and triglyceride and electrophoretically determined lipoproteins in residents of northwest London.
8794	Little or no interpopulation differences in HDL-C were apparent.
8795	The amount of lactose in this diet was higher than that in classical milk-substitutes for vealcalf production in France in order to exacerbate the differences in dietary carbohydrate supply between the two groups of calves.
8796	Tissue concentrations of labelled 2-deoxyglucose and 2-deoxyglucose-6-phosphate were determined as previously described .
8797	All samples had a 260 : 280 nm absorbance ratio of approximately 2.0.
8798	The G factor was tested against C within groups.
8799	On the basis of these enzyme activities, H, MA and D were classified as oxidative muscles whereas other skeletal muscles from the carcass were considered as oxido-glycolytic.
8800	The ACC/AHA guidelines recommended the use of a moderate-to high-intensity statins in patients with T2DM.
8801	It seems that for the good idea of Zeeman it was not found yet a sounding application.
8802	The topology proposed by Zeeman in his seminal article is the finest topology that induces the 3−dimensional Euclidean topology on every space axis and the 1-dimensional Euclidean topology in every time axis.
8803	For this topology the continous curves in the Minkowski space M are polygonals composed by straight time-like paths and the group of homeomorphisms of M becomes the non homogeneous Lorentz group increased by dilatations.
8804	But if we intend to have a completely geometric theory in which all the fields acting on the particle are included in the space-time structure, a particle has no more to do in an empty space-time than follow geodesics, or straight time-like paths if we are in the Minkowski case.
8805	Using the local trivialization we can lift γ to a continuous path γ' on P .
8806	The expanding shell and ISM were assumed to be smooth.
8807	Since we consider a strong shock, the external medium is cold and non-relativistic, and thus the pressure of the medium in front of the shock can be neglected.
8808	The term with the constant a simply represents the perturbation of the number density, without disturbing any other quantities.
8809	The temporal dependence s is specified by one parameter, the velocity in the tangential direction.
8810	The mode grows strongly with the deceleration of the background fluid.
8811	After the shock, the thermal pressure dominates and is isotropic.
8812	This unbalance is expected to be larger with the increase of the velocity.
8813	Fluctuations are manifest only in the small region after the shock front.
8814	First, we found non-specific accumuneurons such as local interneurons.
8815	It is still unclear whether PAT possesses a predictive value for future cardiovascular events similar to CAC.
8816	Further patient characteristics are shown in table 1 .
8817	The anterior border was defined by the anterior chest wall and the posterior border by the esophagus and the descending aorta.
8818	For between-group comparisons, unpaired Student's t tests were used for parametric data, and Mann-Whitney tests for nonparametric data.
8819	Non-CD were treated as right-censored data points in the Kaplan-Meier plots.
8820	Mean PAT volume was 240 8 110 cm 3 .
8821	However, the range of PAT volumes in the different CAC score subgroups showed no significant difference: in all CAC subgroups, patients with PAT volumes !
8822	Cardiology 2012;121:220-227 225 event rate to evaluate the predictive value of PAT.
8823	Correspondingly, the proportion of patients with an event-free survival was significantly higher in patients with scores !
8824	The data of our pilot work have to be confirmed by larger studies in asymptomatic patients.
8825	In addition to this, due to the considerably lower nucleophilicity of the arylamino group, procedures for N-alkyl or N-unsubstituted 2-iminoazacycloalkanes are usually not suitable for the synthesis of N-aryl derivatives.
8826	It affords the desired compounds in good to high yields and avoids the use of protic acids.
8827	Noteworthly, classical Lewis acids failed to efficiently promote this transformation.
8828	Experimental procedures, characterization of new compounds and copies of 1 H and 13 C NMR spectra.
8829	Only 3 of 14 patients chose the additional statements in the declined entry questionnaire.
8830	The feasibility phase of the CROP study was initiated to establish a system of quality assurance for prostate cryotherapy and to assess patient acceptability of randomisation into the CROP study.
8831	Furthermore, cryotherapy is also offered as a clinical service in parts of the UK, including Scotland as a salvage treatment.
8832	Besides patient decision on participation, we report fewer eligible patients than expected presented for consideration.
8833	It can be argued that an RCT studying more than one salvage modality may increase the pool of patients eligible for recruitment.
8834	Hence, an alternative study design will still be subject to the same problems of randomisation and would dilute numbers in each of the study arms.
8835	Our findings also uncovered the difficulty in retrieving archival data from previous cryotherapy cases and that relevant data were not necessarily routinely captured clinically.
8836	Two mice were used from each group at day 4 for a total of four biological replicates.
8837	A graphic of this section is shown in the lower half of the panel.
8838	Abbreviations: d, dermis, DAPI, 4 0 ,6-diamidino-2-phenylindole; db, diabetic; D0, day 0; D7, day 7; ep, epithelium, es, eschar, Freq, frequency; FSC-H, forward scatter height; GFP, green fluorescent protein; gr, granulation tissue; m, muscle; neg cntl, negative control; SSC-H, side scatter height; wt, wild type.
8839	Abbreviations: D0, day 0; D7, day 7; D14, day 14; dbþA3, diabetic wound treated with CMV-HOXA3; dbþA3 D7, diabetic wound treated with CMV-HOXA3 at day 7; dbþA3 D14, diabetic wound treated with CMV-HOXA3 at day 14; dbþC and dbþc, diabetic wound treated with control; db D0, diabetic wound at day 0; db D7, diabetic wound at day 7; db D14, diabetic wound at day 14; GFP, green fluorescent protein; hcþc, heterozygous control þ control plasmid; non-db D0, nondiabetic wound at day 0; non-db D7, nondiabetic wound at day 7; non-db D14, nondiabetic wound at day 14.
8840	Thus the precise mechanisms that allow for enhanced EPC recruitment but restrict leukocyte retention in HOXA3-treated wounds are not clear.
8841	These results indicate that the response rate and OS were significantly improved, and the ISS could not clearly stratify the prognoses of Japanese patients with MM who underwent upfront single ASCT during the novel agent era.
8842	Data source and patients.
8843	If chemotherapy and ⁄ or interferon treatment had adverse effects on blood recovery, the aforementioned peripheral blood recovery was not required.
8844	PD was defined as an increase in M-component levels and ⁄ or plasmacytomas or the emergence of new lesions.
8845	According to clinical studies performed in Europe and the USA in which novel agents had been introduced earlier than in Asian countries, significant improvements in responses and survival were observed in patients with MM who had been treated with novel agents.
8846	In the pre-novel agent era, Nagura et al.
8847	All the above works suggest that acetate ions play an important role in the formation process of perovskite film, and use of moderate acetate could have a beneficial effect on formation of a high-quality perovskite film.
8848	As one of the reaction products, CH 3 NH 3 Ac is instantaneously decomposed to CH 3 NH 2 and HAc on the hot plate during the so-called spurious sublimation process, and the high-quality perovskite CH 3 NH 3 PbI 3 is obtained on the substrate.
8849	This leads to the phenomena that the obtained film forms a more undulating surface after the addition of HAc.
8850	Photovoltaic performance of perovskite solar cells.
8851	When PbAc 2 is used as lead source, all the perovskite cells show good performance.
8852	The defect may increase the opportunity of charge recombination, which resulted in the decreased R sh .
8853	As found in some works, the scanning speed and width have an influence on this difference as the hysteresis for perovskite solar cells, and high capacitance at a low frequency of perovskite and photo-induced halide ion migration play a main role in device hysteresis 10, 48, 49 .
8854	This work provides a simple but efficient approach to obtain high-quality perovskite films in order to improve photovoltaic performance of a perovskite solar cell.
8855	The precipitated crystals were dissolved in ethanol, and recrystallized with hexane at room temperature.
8856	The precursor solutions were stirred for 10 min at room temperature.
8857	Typical J-V curves were obtained from scanning in reverse bias direction at the step width of 100 mV.
8858	The disjoint fragments are treated as traditional documents which are independent of each other.
8859	The algorithm starts from the document root and traverses the document tree in document order.
8860	The resulting fragment collection does not cover the whole document collection.
8861	The nested cadre elements are there either because of a faulty conversion from the Wiki format into XML or because of inconsistency in the source data.
8862	Despite the relatively poor performance, the results do show some signs of stability in the performance of EXTIRP.
8863	Several clusters have been imaged in H i .
8864	The properties of the group are described in the next section.
8865	The GMRT H i image of one such galaxy having both the gaseous and the optical tidal tail is shown in Fig.
8866	Alternatively, a significant fraction of the H i deficiency in cluster galaxies could have originated in the group environment.
8867	Deindustrialisation during transition results as demand adjusts to reflect consumer preferences and efficiency gains in industry set free redundant resources.
8868	As long as full employment is maintained, transition is associated with an increase in welfare.
8869	This literature has some bearing on the transition economies, as they have experienced a process of accelerated deindustrialisation.
8870	Industrial output is determined as a residual in this closed economy setting.
8871	Which type of preferences are consistent with this new equilibrium?
8872	We assume an initial share of agricultural employment of 80 per cent and thus a ratio of productivity in services to agriculture of 6:1.
8873	A major drawback of the model presented above is the closed economy assumption.
8874	Finally, unless productivity levels are allowed to converge across countries, one implication of the model presented in the previous section is that initial differences in productivity in the services sector are translated into long-run differences in per capita incomes, which does not seem plausible.
8875	The world consists of a technological leader -described by the model in the previous section -and a number of technological followers.
8876	The main result is that follower countries industrialise more rapidly and achieve a peak in the share of industrial employment earlier and at lower levels of per capita income than the technological leader.
8877	The lack of long time series data for many economies precludes a robust test of the model, but the evidence in support of it is quite strong.
8878	The USA has been the technological leader throughout most of the 20 th century.
8879	In South Korea, industrialisation only started after World War II.
8880	Table 2 verifies these predictions with the historical evidence for two pairs of countries.
8881	The effect of an increase in c is to increase the output of the services sector, which requires an increase in employment as services productivity continues growing at no more than its steady state rate.
8882	Assuming true consumer preferences for services are higher than central planners' preferences for services, there would be a shortage for services under central planning.
8883	Transition and liberalisation results in a new equilibrium at E M and an increase in the welfare of consumers represented by an outward move to the indifference curve UU M , resulting from a shift away from industrial goods and into services.
8884	The disaggregation of sectors is the same as that used for the preceding analysis, except that we further distinguish between market-oriented services, which were particularly under-developed under central planning, and non-market-oriented services.
8885	To determine the benchmark shares for each of these sectors for the transition economies, regression analysis, using data from 50 non-transition countries, is used to derive the relationships between the shares of various sectors in total employment on the one hand, to GDP per capita at purchasing power parity on the other.
8886	Thus the benchmarks, as well as the actual structure of employment, have changed over time.
8887	In non-market oriented services, however, the CIS countries were on average far from the benchmark, with employment in this sector significantly above what would be found in market economies of a comparable income.
8888	For this reason we turn to a more detailed graphical analysis.
8889	Almost all the richer and more advanced reformers, by contrast, have seen continued declines in agriculture's share of total employment, taking them further away from the market economy benchmark, though by 2000 the rate of decline had slowed considerably.
8890	As discussed earlier, market-oriented services were under-provided under central planning.
8891	What the data show in Figures 10.1-10 .3 is that in fact all countries have moved towards the market economy benchmark, but not all have increased the share of labour in market services.
8892	The richer accession candidates started the transition with agricultural labour forces that were significantly below what would be found in market economies of comparable incomes.
8893	Thus workers in the advanced countries have preferred the experience a spell of unemployment to the return to "the village".
8894	Empirically, the benchmarks we have derived fail to control for the effects of economic specialisation in the global market and the availability of natural resources, which may have an important bearing on the allocation of employment.
8895	Some important functions are included in this program.
8896	The locus equation of the helical cutting tool can be obtained.
8897	If we accept those sections, we can continue for analyzing clearance angle, relief angle, and top land width of the helical cutting tool.
8898	In addition, this tab contains special functions such as parameters of helical cutting tools and rack cutter that can be exported and saved in the text files.
8899	However, this is not the only route that plants can use to acquire nitrogen from the environment.
8900	In addition to long-term treatments, we also examined if nitrogen-starved rice seedlings could effectively take up glutamine.
8901	Asparagine levels were low in nitrogen-starved seedlings, and feeding of glutamine for 0.25-1 h did not increase the amount of asparagine in the roots.
8902	We demonstrated that rice could effectively use glutamine as a nitrogen source at a concentration significantly lower than that of ammonium nitrate.
8903	Asparagine started to accumulate in glutamine-treated roots after 4 h and increased dramatically after 24 h. It is possible that the rice seedlings were no longer deficient of nitrogen after 4-24 h of glutamine treatment.
8904	It is not clear why glutamine activates the expression of these genes.
8905	It is well known that most of the amino acid biosynthetic pathways are regulated by feedback inhibition.
8906	It will be interesting to examine if glutamine changes the redox status or affects the production of ROS in plants.
8907	These results imply that different amino acids may have some specificity in the regulation of plant gene expression.
8908	The functions of glutamine and the other amino acids likely go beyond that of metabolic regulation in plants.
8909	Thus, glutamine is an important nutrient and a functional amino acid in plants.
8910	The analytic functions of Fluoview software were used for measurements of AE4 and PNA morphometrics.
8911	Acidosis reduces pendrin cap volume without changing distribution with respect to ZO-1.
8912	The volume and pendrin staining intensity of vesicular compartments were quantified via measurements of spacial overlap with Imaris, as shown in Fig.
8913	Furthermore, acidosis did not alter the pendrin signal intensity of vesicular compartments.
8914	Using Fluoview, the PNA cap area as well as the AE4 area and depth were measured from images of between 100 and 300 cells from 4 to 6 rabbits for each acid-base condition.
8915	Typically, two to three microdissected CCDs were analyzed for each rabbit.
8916	Recovery from acidosis restored PNA cap and AE4 morphology to near normal levels.
8917	Finally, and perhaps most importantly, the present study provides a proof of concept for the utilization of 3-D morphometric analysis as an approach for the study of IC structure, function, and adaptation.
8918	Reversal of acidosis is likely to result in a new steady state in which the early endocytic pool of pendrin is unchanged but the Rab11a ϩ apical recycling endosomal volume is increased.
8919	Pendrin synthesis is increased to accommodate this adaptation.
8920	First, we maintained 3-D morphology by using spacers to alleviate compression of the tissue.
8921	Finally, the 3-D software allowed the quantitation of multiple parameters for thousands of identified cells.
8922	Linear summation of amplified input was evident for the two segmental inputs studied here.
8923	If these phenomena also hold for other synaptic sources, then the presence of active dendritic conductances underlying amplification might enable motoneurons to integrate multiple synaptic inputs and drive motoneuron firing rates throughout the entire physiological range in a relatively simple fashion.
8924	It is not known whether injected and effective synaptic currents always modulate motoneuron firing in an equivalent fashion.
8925	Activation of voltage-dependent dendritic conductances makes it difficult to predict the effects of synaptic input on motoneuron firing rate.
8926	For example, if the persistent inward current were fully activated within the depolarized voltage range traversed before the cell fires repetitively, then the I N present during firing would be amplified compared with that measured at the resting membrane potential.
8927	In contrast, progressive increases in the activation of a dendritic current with increasing depolarization would cause I N to be systematically greater across increasing injected current magnitudes.
8928	B, top trace: membrane potential, dashed line in A indicates resting potential; bottom trace: injected current.
8929	Although these various sources of error could contribute to differences between the predicted and observed changes in firing rate produced by a given synaptic input in individual cases, they should not have caused the systematic amplification observed across the entire sample.
8930	There is another potential source of error that might cause systematic differences between predicted and observed changes in firing rate; however, this type of error should produce an underestimate of amplification magnitude.
8931	Consequently, our predicted firing rate change represents an overestimate of that expected to occur in a neuron that does not exhibit amplification.
8932	The firing rate elicited by 15 nA of injected current was 20 pps.
8933	The solid line in Fig.
8934	Plateau properties were investigated in each motoneuron.
8935	This discrepancy might suggest that amplification and the induction of plateau potentials are executed by different mechanisms.
8936	These properties may be attributed to high polyphenol content of coffee as it considered a major source of polyphenol intake in the western diet.
8937	Louis, MO.
8938	Primary and secondary antibodies were purchased from Abcam, Cambridge, MA.
8939	Protein content was measured by the method of Bradford et al.
8940	Incubation period was 6 h.
8941	CA increased Nrf2 level by 2 and 4.5 fold in A2780 and A2780cisR, respectively.
8942	In these cells GSTP1 was induced under anoxic condition by 3.5 fold, CA treatment under these conditions had no further effect on GSTP1 levels.
8943	These findings encouraged us to explore the mechanism by which CA induces Nrf2 and subsequently phase II enzymes.
8944	Trigonelline also inhibited the mRNA expression of Nrf2, GSTP1 and HO-1 confirming that those genes are under the control of Nrf2 pathway.
8945	It seems that GSTP1 reaches a certain saturation which limits its further induction and may be high enough to provide protection.
8946	GSR1 recycles oxidized GSH in the cells.
8947	His right-side Hoffmann's sign and the Babinski's sign for both sides were positive.
8948	After laminectomy and facetectomy, the tumor was isolated.
8949	When complete hemostasis was obtained, a tricortical iliac crest was used to fill the bony gap left after the tumor mass excision and was fixed with a screw.
8950	There should be always an attempt to achieve diagnostics by biopsy before surgery, which has become a necessary prelude to successful management of suspected spinal tumors.
8951	Blindness after spinal surgery has been described as a rare but serious, irreversible, and incurable complication.
8952	However, stabilization of the cervical spine is critical to prevent progressive kyphotic deformity.
8953	The human subjects Institutional Review Board of Sichuan University approved this study prospectively.
8954	These equations are called Bethe Ansatz equations.
8955	Now we are able to construct the eigenvectors and calculate the eigenvalues.
8956	In order to simplify the notation, we denote by R n the ordered set of numbers r 1 , .
8957	All proofs in the presented paper are direct calculations.
8958	A first-law-like energy balance relates applied or extracted work, exchanged heat and changes in internal energy along the single fluctuating trajectory.
8959	Since dissipated heat is typically associated with changes in entropy this program of using the classical thermodynamic notions to describe the trajectories of these small systems obviously requires also the concept of a fluctuating entropy with corresponding distribution in the ensemble.
8960	This relation is quite physical since in an overdamped system the total force times the displacement corresponds to dissipation.
8961	On the other hand the proof of both the IFT and the DFT shows that the first law does not crucially enter.
8962	Of course, in a general system, there is no justification to identify the change in medium entropy with an exchanged heat.
8963	An enzym or molecular motor can be considered as a system which stochastically undergoes transitions from one state m to another state n. In such a transition, a chemical reaction may be involved like hydrolysis which transforms one molecule ATP to ADP and a phosphate.
8964	In order to describe such a network under non-equilibrium conditions, one should separate the reactants into two classes.
8965	In this context one sometimes refers to these models as second-quantized microstrings, little strings or instanton strings.
8966	The RR fields then encode the B-field of the sigma model.
8967	Furthermore, non-perturbative U-dualities of the IIB string compactification translate into T -dualities of the hyperkähler sigma model.
8968	Then in §4 we will use this explicit description to determine the value of these moduli on D-brane bound states that minimalize the BPS mass through the so-called attractor mechanism.
8969	Quantum fivebranes are one of the most mysterious but also mathematically richest objects in string theory, see e.g.
8970	In particular, it induces two kinds of natural closed 2-forms on M that acquire an interpretation as B-fields in the sigma model.
8971	It might be confusing why the choice of metric on K3 does not give rise to a unique metric on the moduli space M v .
8972	Note that from a physical point of view these singular spaces are moduli spaces of multiple BPS states bound at threshold, and therefore of great interest in studying D-brane dynamics.
8973	Here we already recognize the form of the moduli space of attractor K3 sigma models.
8974	The superstring contains besides fundamental strings also their magnetic duals, the Neveu-Schwarz 5-branes.
8975	All D-branes with Mukai vectors of equal length are related by dualities.
8976	Therefore the moduli space of HK structures seems to be a priori non-Hausdorff with non-separated points.
8977	This point clearly deserves further study.
8978	So we require that the two equations below hold.
8979	Then our minimization problem becomes the following.
8980	We solve this system for vector n in Appendix C. The solution for l is pasted below.
8981	So we would like our updated state estimate to satisfy the constraint at each iteration, as below.
8982	We could solve this problem by restricting the optimal Kalman gain also, as we did for equality constraints previously.
8983	We seek the optimal K k that satisfies the constrained optimization problem written below for a given time-step k.
8984	When calculating the covariance matrix for the inequality constrained estimate, we use the restricted Kalman Gain.
8985	It is now in a form that can be used by the methods described thus far.
8986	We start with the following initial point.
8987	Further, when enforced, the derivative would be 0, so by ignoring them, we are allowing our covariance matrix to be larger than necessary as well as more numerically stable.
8988	In this appendix, we provide some definitions used earlier in the chapter.
8989	The mechanism by which primary, essential, or idiopathic forms of hypertension occur in humans is multifactorial and is based on a chronic metabolic disturbance.
8990	IL-6 is a multifunctional cytokine produced by many different cell types, including immune cells, endothelial cells, fibroblasts, myocytes, and adipose tissue, mediating inflammatory as well as stress-induced responses.
8991	TNF-␣ has important effects on whole-body lipid metabolism.
8992	Recent works have suggested the existence of a TNF-␣-leptin axis, in which leptin and TNF-␣ would be in a mutual interrelationship.
8993	After trauma or infection, the human body mounts a highly complex acute-phase response as part of the homeostatic response to injury.
8994	In the acute phase, the acute-phase response is protective because it counteracts the effects of injury and improves survival.
8995	However, it should be recognized that insulin resistance is alleviated but not eliminated in these models.
8996	These mechanistic relationships are probably lost in subjects with morbid obesity.
8997	This information is apparently at odds with what is observed in humans with different transcription rates of the IL-6 gene.
8998	Available data suggest that although TNF-␣ functions locally at the level of the adipocyte in a paracrine fashion, IL-6 circulates in plasma at high concentrations.
8999	IL-6 is a pleiotropic cytokine, and some of its metabolic actions have been evaluated after IL-6 administration.
9000	To integrate these opposite actions, one has to consider that these metabolic effects of IL-6 have been studied mainly after exogenous treatment at relatively high doses.
9001	Risk factors for atherosclerosis, insulin resistance, and type 2 diabetes closely overlap, and the three disorders may share a mutual inflammatory and genetic basis.
9002	The genetic basis of IHD may arise from a gene having a direct effect on the initiation of the disease process or a modifying effect on the development of the process after it is initiated.
9003	Inflammatory markers predict the development of type 2 diabetes, but evidence is less extensive compared with that for cardiovascular disease.
9004	It may be that specific cytokine genotypes are beneficial in the eradication of infectious diseases, but by creating a proinflammatory phenotype, they predispose to chronic inflammatory diseases or to a more severe form of inflammatory disease with a worse clinical outcome, irrespective of whether the initial triggering event is an infectious agent, autoimmunity, or, indeed, any cause sufficient to stimulate an inflammatory response.
9005	That is, perhaps, one of the reasons why former therapeutic agents for insulin resistance were selected on the basis of their effects on serum glucose.
9006	In the last few years, insulin action was increasingly recognized as an important effector mechanism of the inflammatory pathways.
9007	Infants who received emergency inguinal hernia repair during the course of treatment in the intensive care unit because of the risk of incarceration were excluded.
9008	Infants from whom we could not find the above information were excluded.
9009	The spinal block was regarded as successful, if there was almost immediate loss of tone in the lower limbs.
9010	A p value of 0.05 or less was considered to be statistically significant.
9011	An increasing number of premature infants who survived beyond the immediate neonatal period due to advances in neonatology require surgical intervention for a variety of problems, most commonly inguinal hernias.
9012	So we recommend considering the delay of the surgery, when it is technically impossible to obtain spinal anesthesia in case of the infants who had marked difficulty in the weaning of mechanical ventilation.
9013	Pitches are defined by mapping the average chemical shift of the R group of each amino acid to notes on a tempered scale while the melody is defined by the amino-acidic sequence of the SOD1 protein.
9014	Over time, the timbre, rhythm, and spatialization of these sonic patterns gradually changes to reflect the progress of the protein unfolding and aggregation.
9015	The spatialization in the 3D speaker array, initially a fully immersive sound world, eventually shrinks completely, reflecting the patients' loss of movement and motor function.
9016	Then the distribution strains are ε͑1͒ ϭ ⌬l 1 ͞l 1 , ε͑2͒ ϭ ⌬l 2 ͞l 2 , .
9017	By the side of the fiber we used an electrical resistance strain gauge to calibrate the fiber optic sensor.
9018	The zero-order fringe, which is approximately in the center of fringe pattern and has the highest amplitude, corresponds to the exact optical-path match of these two beams.
9019	Figure 7 shows the distribution strains measured by the various optical fiber sensors.
9020	Macrophage apoptosis plays an important role in the pathogenesis of many diseases.
9021	SR-A functions in mediating macrophage apoptosis and cleaning up of these apoptotic cells.
9022	The inhibitory effect of fucoidan on autophagy could be abrogated by blocking the mTOR pathway, and thus, Tg-fucoidan induced apoptosis was prevented.
9023	Android operating system has become the most common operating system and the most interesting system to be attacked by malware-maker.
9024	The idea will be running in android environment.
9025	The idea Android  43600  255  J2ME  2257  64  Symbian  445  113  Windows mobile  85  27  Others  28  10  Total  46415  469 consists of methods in monitoring, detecting malicious program inside the Smartphone, and tracking and notifying the user about the result and progress.
9026	Metamorphic malware has become a subject in an ongoing and underdevelopment research from 2009.
9027	It will contribute to regulate data in mobile computing on Smartphone, especially android mobile system.
9028	Based on research and text book about malware detection, MDTN process is logically possible and the mechanism has been executed well.
9029	It progresses by repeating the computing process and applying the result of previous stage so the next stage will be different from the last.
9030	These monitors will be referred to as notifies.
9031	Monitoring System includes application and screen activities which listed in Table 3 .
9032	A malware detector is a system responsible to determine whether a program has malicious behavior.
9033	Consider Detecting process will determine whether an application is a malware or legit through recorded behavior that is in line with library detector.
9034	A PendingIntent object helps to perform an action on the application's behalf, often at a later time, without caring about whether or not the application is running.
9035	If in the case of suspicious behavior detected, the tracking module will be deployed to track the source of the behavior, the result will be forwarded to the notification module for the next decision.
9036	The time is calculated by summing the inbetween period of the last analysis sample and the previous analysis time within the same group sampling.
9037	The tracking phase is not maximally carried out, as the result services of Zitmo android do not show and GoldDream's server is not detected.
9038	From the tracking result, user is able to know which of the many services on android system is under monitoring or modification, or under threat from the particular server.
9039	The tracking has not been maximally carried out by scrutinizing any server that serves the intruders, and so far tracking depends on intruder's known website.
9040	The tracking part can be developed to later stage for the purpose of preventing future threat realization.
9041	In the case of reoccurrence, the system is able to block and recognizing the data as spam or threat.
9042	We addressed whether the replacement of A. tortilis by A. robusta with increasing precipitation relates to pre-germination constraints such as seed production, infestation, and/or viability.
9043	We hypothesized that A. tortilis would have high infestation at high rainfall sites and that A. robusta seed production, germination, and viability would be limited by water at the dry end of the gradient.
9044	This species has a broad geographic range, being widespread throughout Africa and the Middle East and locally abundant in Serengeti.
9045	As demographic rates seem to be independent of rainfall, suggesting trade-offs and physiological adaption, our results may be helpful in restoration ecology of Acacia species as they show how different potential seed stage bottlenecks in savanna influence seed demography, which may ultimately affect tree recruitment.
9046	Muscle tonus of the neck and extremities was initially normal, but rigidity of the left arm and leg emerged 2 weeks after admission.
9047	Micrographia was found to be mild when the patient drew figures, such as a double pentagon.
9048	Rigidity of the neck and extremities was not detected.
9049	The use of this coal for gas and liquids production using gasification and pyrolysis is now being considered.
9050	The column used for the Baganuur tar was a GC1 polydimethylsiloxane phase with 0.25 µm phase thickness, 25 M in length and 0.25 mm i.d.
9051	Portions of the plate representing each of these fractions were cut out and stuck to the target plate of the mass spectrometer.
9052	The aliphatic types shown by GC-MS and probe mass spectrometry would not be revealed by SEC using NMP and UV absorbance as the detection method.
9053	The Baganuur and Tavan Tolgoi tars on the Mixed-A column in NMP solvent show the expected bimodal distributions with a valley of zero intensity from 17 -19 min.
9054	These differences again reflect the increased rank and maturity of the Tavan Tolgoi coal compared with the Baganuur coal.
9055	The molecular environment of oxygen in the lower rank coal and hence in the tar is unlikely to be phenolic but would be transformed by maturation of the coal as rank increased into more phenolic environments.
9056	The ion at m/z 300 cannot be coronene isomers because the ion at 285 corresponds to loss of a methyl group.
9057	The complexity of components identifies the tar as a relatively highly alkylated tar, particularly by the absence of prominent peaks for PAH.
9058	Fraction 1 extends from m/z 700 to 10,000 with some fragmentation evident and a maximum intensity at about m/z 2000 -3000.
9059	Distillate fractions would not be expected to contain high mass molecules.
9060	Mass ranges of the tars as indicated by SEC in NMP and in the mixed solvent agree approximately with the mass ranges shown by LD-MS.
9061	UV-fluorescence spectroscopy also indicated that the aromatic groups of the Tavan Tolgoi tar were larger and more extensive than the aromatics of the Baganuur tar because the synchronous spectra were shifted further to longer wavelengths than the spectra of Baganuur tar.
9062	There is a classification of the severity of symptoms in grades 1---5.
9063	The early treatment is essential in anaphylaxis and could avoid hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy or death.
9064	It is particularly likely when people are not differentiated by skin colour and share the language of the host society.
9065	The age profile of the Irish population in Britain and a myriad social and health factors increase the risk of dementia and age related mental health problems.
9066	Thus diagnosis, access to treatment or opportunities for helpful voluntary and statutory support is delayed.
9067	They jibed us constantly -'Ireland sat on the fence, Ireland stayed neutral'.
9068	Much is made of the importance of welcome in the Irish community, symbolised by the traditional céad míle fáilte or 'hundred thousand welcomes'.
9069	Therefore several organisations outreach to marginalised people using culturally sensitive staff and trained volunteers.
9070	This means understanding the Irish migratory experience, anticipating and being sensitive to grief, pain and loss often buried for decades.
9071	He enjoys Thursdays -his face lights up when he sees the bus coming to collect him.
9072	It is run by volunteers who have received dementia training and includes reminiscence sessions which are very popular with those who attend.
9073	A daughter caring for her elderly parents requested assessment to see what care package was needed.
9074	She was told she was racist as she only reported black workers.
9075	Despite the positive examples shown there is considerable unmet need in relation to older Irish people but particularly those with dementia and their carers.
9076	There is real concern that the Big Society agenda is more to do with cutting cost than empowering communities.
9077	In this paper the experimental setup is described in Section 2, the strategy of the measurement and the particle identification are discussed in details in Section 3.
9078	It had a Full Width at Half Maximum size dependent on the energy and ranging from 6.9 mm to 9.3 mm in the transverse plane.
9079	This correction C He has been evaluated by means of a dedicated toy Monte Carlo that reproduces the temporal beam structure of each data taking.
9080	The uncertainty associated to the measured yield includes both the statistical and systematic contributions.
9081	For deuterons and even more for tritons, spectra decrease rapidly for energies larger than the beam nominal one.
9082	Magnetic resonance images are acquired by fast-oscillating EM fields in a strong static magnetic field environment.
9083	The copper tape was applied in short pieces to avoid creating a large copper loop for inducing eddy current.
9084	To test a range of frequencies appropriate for the gradients used in an actual MRI study, the S11 measurement was acquired at a range of frequencies from 0.5 to 10 kHz in steps of 500 Hz.
9085	As the frequency decreased, the S11 magnitude decreased as well.
9086	The results below 1.5 kHz were noisy.
9087	From the MRI experiments, the segmented copper, CFC, and PBM configurations showed negligible eddy current artifacts.
9088	However, as these equations are only valid with these ideal assumptions, the theoretical calculation and experimental measurements can have mismatches.
9089	Several shielding designs with various thicknesses, patterns, and materials were developed and tested inside and outside the MRI.
9090	Solid copper shielding enclosures and PBM showed outstanding RF shielding performance, while significant RF leaks were observed in the segmented copper and the CFC configurations.
9091	Therefore, PBM, which shields the RF field effectively while blocking the eddy current induced by the gradient fields, showed the best overall performance.
9092	Small numbers of DBH-IR and TH-IR nerves were seen in the sinus and AV nodes, mainly perivascularly; there were few in the penetrating and branching bundles and none in the bundle branches.
9093	Larsen et al.
9094	All rhesus macaques received the AMR regimen of CD3 immunotoxin, alefacept, and tacrolimus maintenance, as outlined in the methods.
9095	GC-Tfh cells are structurally confined within the GC, flow analysis of minced lymph node cells is unable to preserve its locational information.
9096	That GC responses return in the AMR controls also suggests that Tfh cells are specifically inhibited by CoB.
9097	This implies that targeting Tfh cells by combining T cell depletion with CoB has a more profound and lasting downstream effect on humoral responses, namely the alloantibody response.
9098	These figures reveal the disproportionate impact of HIV/AIDS on Africa's youth; yet they do not provide a comprehensive picture of the varied HIV prevalence and their effects among different subgroups of young Africans since they are a highly heterogeneous population.
9099	Speaking from her experience living with HIV in South Africa, which had led her to work in the sector and to seek to "rebrand" HIV, she re-emphasized the importance of listening to youth.
9100	But listening to youth voices is paramount to eradicating HIV/AIDS and stigma.
9101	For example, EVA uses mobile phones to ensure that young people get access to SRH information confidentially without incurring costs.
9102	For example, in South Africa, sexual intercourse below age 16 is illegal even if consensual but youth are legally able to access HIV and SRH services at age 12 or 13.
9103	Young Africans need to be empowered to advocate for their issues actively and to hold policymakers accountable to their commitments to youth development.
9104	It is from such consensus building that authentic actions and commitments to change will emanate.
9105	While the Mo content is seen to remain essentially constant, the amount of sulfur decreases significantly during sputtering.
9106	The spectroscopic studies and DFT modeling suggest that the basic physical structure of the MoS 2 remains largely intact as the sulfur is removed.
9107	When the surface emission from a spinning neutron star is not uniform, a periodic brightness oscillation is produced as the hot and cold spots spin in and out of the line of sight of a distant observer.
9108	However, even when the statistical errors are reduced, significant correlations between the inferred parameters remain.
9109	We use a Fourier series decomposition of the pulse profiles at different photon energies to quantify the number of distinct observables that can be measured from each profile.
9110	The Fourier series decomposition approach that we present here can be used in defining the optimal ranges of photon energies and in formulating analysis strategies that maximize the effective number of degrees of freedom.
9111	Therefore, modeling pulse profiles observed from such systems can only lead to a measurement of M/R eq and not of the two parameters independently.
9112	Even though the occultation generates a large number of measurable harmonics, the pulse profile can be accurately described by only two numbers: its amplitude and the duration of the occultation.
9113	The dashed line shows the sinusoid that has the same amplitude as that of the fundamental harmonic of the oscillations.
9114	As we will show in §4, this is quite a severe requirement and makes it unlikely that future observations will be able to extract more than two measurable quantities from bolometric pulse profiles.
9115	The other parameters of the calculation are the same as in Figure 5 .
9116	However, given that constraining these two angles independently is often not of interest, the above combination sin i sin θ s can be treated as a single nuisance parameter, thus reducing the number of system parameters that need to be measured to three.
9117	If the number of photons accumulated during an observation allow separating the pulse profiles into several energy bands, additional consistency relations between model parameters can be obtained.
9118	The color oscillations are introduced primarily by Doppler effects and, therefore, the contours on the left panel are nearly vertical, as in the right panel of Figure 6 .
9119	Three of the four observables acquire detectable amplitudes because of the relativistic Doppler shifts on the rapidly spinning neutron-star surface.
9120	The figure demonstrates that the distinct dependence of the four observables on the system parameters allows a unique recovery of the assumed neutron-star mass and radius.
9121	This is easy to understand within the framework of counting system parameters and observables that we followed here.
9122	In this paper, we investigated how pulse profiles generated by hot spots on moderately spinning neutron stars can be used to infer the stellar mass and radius.
9123	However, a measurement of the spectral color oscillations provides additional constraints that allow a separate determination of M and R eq .
9124	Extracting pulse profiles even in just two different energy bands is sufficient to derive this information.
9125	In the case of oscillations observed during the rise phases of X-ray bursts, which are the prime targets for LOFT , the predominant background arises from the Xray emission from the accretion flow.
9126	Such an approach will lead to an independent measurement of the background in the energy bands of interest and will not adversely affect measuring neutron-star masses and radii from pulse profile modeling.
9127	This work was supported in part by NSF grant AST-1108753, NSF CAREER award AST-0746549, and Chandra Theory grant TM2-13002X.
9128	The open circles in Figure 12 show the dependence of the uncertainty in the measured phase on the number of source counts.
9129	We have developed a novel assay for studying homologous gene replacement in yeast cells in which a DNA fragment, released in vivo from a single-copy plasmid, recombines with a genomic target.
9130	AdoMet prototrophs can arise as the result of several different events.
9131	Recombination frequencies at SAM2 were determined by dividing the number of His Ϫ AdoMet ϩ colonies by the number of viable cells plated.
9132	A single copy of pLAY98 containing the DNA fragment is stably maintained in a host yeast strain by selection for the URA3 genetic marker.
9133	A mutation in the mismatch repair gene MSH2 reduces the barrier against gene replacement with mismatched sequences.
9134	The increase in the frequency of gene replacement with all of the fragments in the msh2 mutant cells suggests that Msh2p, to some extent, suppresses gene replacement with all of the experimental sequences.
9135	This indicates that the failure of HO cutting to stimulate gene replace-FIG.
9136	DNA sequence of SAM1 and SAM2 fragments.
9137	Replacement substrates are pictured in Fig.
9138	This result suggests that the presence of the HO-cut-site sequences on the ends of the SAM fragments released in vivo does not greatly affect the efficiency of gene replacement.
9139	Finally, because the design of our gene replacement assay requires that crossovers occur between both sides of the DNA fragment and the genomic target, Msh2p has two chances to abort recombination by degrading the heteroduplex at either end of the fragment.
9140	Recombination between the released fragment and the SAM2 locus replaces the CYH2::URA3 insertion with SAM sequences and creates a cycloheximide-and 5-FOA-resistant cell.
9141	Perhaps by obtaining sequences that are identical to the genomic target by PCR and substituting them for nonidentical sequences at one or both ends of the DNA fragment, the efficiency of recombination between the DNA fragment and the genomic target can be increased.
9142	If these observations also hold true in mammalian cells, then the strategies discussed above could be used to overcome one of the barriers to efficient gene replacement.
9143	The area modeled within Joyce KilmerlSlickrock wilderness contains one of the largest old-growth forests in the eastern United States.
9144	Linville Gorge is an oak-pine old-growth forest.
9145	Physiographic data included stand physical characteristics, soil physical characteristics, soil chemistry, and stream chemistry and characteristics.
9146	At LG, we collected samples at five locations along a first-order stream that drains into the Linville River.
9147	Soils on each plot were collected by depth, using an Oakfield soil probe.
9148	Actual sample depths were 0 to 10, 10 to 30, and 30 to 90 em for JK; 0 to 20, 20 to 60, and 60 to 90 cm for SR; and 0 to 15, 15 to 35, and 35 to 65 cm for LG.
9149	Composite samples were made up of six to eight individual samples.
9150	Soils were kept cool until returned to the laboratory and then stored at 4°C.
9151	One 5-g subsample was shaken with 20 mL of 2 M KCI for 1 h to extract NH r and N0 3 -N. The soil/KCl mixture was then centrifuged for 15 min at 6000 rpm.
9152	The second soil sample was leached sequentially, five times with the lowest and five times with the middle solution concentration.
9153	Four forest floor samples were collected within each plot at each site using a 0.3 by O.3-m wooden sampling frame.
9154	Under this theory, a list of common SNPs and association mapping can be used to better understand which mutations are related to disease susceptibility.
9155	Our purpose is not to identify individual SNPs but to specify localized regions that contain candidate SNPs.
9156	In our analysis, we focus on private variants.
9157	We empirically report the 10 most significant regions, with the assumption that this might narrow down future analysis by the scientist.
9158	Although the p-value threshold for each of the simulations is 0.05, in order for a region to be returned as one of the most significant regions in our results, it must pass this threshold many times.
9159	Figures 1 and 2 summarizes the return frequency for all regions, significant or not, for both the 100-and 30-SNP approaches.
9160	We order the top 10 most significant regions and determine that three of them contain causal SNPs.
9161	Choosing a bin size much lower than 30 will aggregate too little information because too few private SNPs will be contained within each region to begin with.
9162	At the same time, the method relies less on outside information than analyses based on gene pathways do.
9163	Nevertheless, our procedure retains its generality to many types of data sets, not just the one at hand.
9164	The Genetic Analysis Workshop is supported by NIH grant R01 GM031575.
9165	Park and colleagues demonstrated in glioblastoma cells that phorbol ester treatment could induce MMP-9 secretion, MMP-2 activation, and the translocation of MT1-MMP to the plasma membrane.
9166	Both MMP-2 and PKC-were elevated as compared with reference control values.
9167	Of the non-participants, 75 were deceased, 140 refused to participate, 49 could not be located, 50 could not be contacted, and 11 were too ill.
9168	Women who responded "Not at all" for a given symptom were considered not to have experienced that symptom.
9169	In reporting results from regression analyses, we considered a two-sided P value ≤ 0.05 as statistically significant.
9170	We observed that ginseng use was associated with a lower PCS score, a higher fatigue score, and several hormonerelated symptoms.
9171	Our results indicate the importance of assessing specific types of EBS separately in future efficacy studies since they may have distinct associations with health-related outcomes.
9172	The world, however, has adapted to a myriad of nonsurgical treatments that provide quick enough relief that patients flock to these forms of treatment in order to avoid the open, more invasive surgical treatment.
9173	I invite the readers to read each article with an open mind, cover-to-cover to appreciate some of the lesser known, but effective diagnostic and therapeutic treatment methods that offer relief to your patients with acute and chronic back pain and sciatica from injury or from an aging spine.
9174	Therefore, by limiting treatment options and threatening the conservation of antibiotic efficacy in animals, multidrug-resistant S. intermedius group isolates are a threat to animal health.
9175	Physical fitness includes cardiorespiratory fitness, muscle strength, body composition, and flexibility, comprising a set of attributes that people have or achieve that relates to the ability to perform physical activity.
9176	Absolute intensity reflects the rate of energy expenditure during exercise and is usually expressed in metabolic equivalents or METs, where 1 MET equals the resting metabolic rate of Ϸ3.5 mL O 2 · kg Ϫ1 · min Ϫ1 .
9177	Relative intensity refers to the percent of aerobic power utilized during exercise and is expressed as percent of maximal heart rate or percent of V O 2 max.
9178	In many studies, the lower frequency of CAD was independent of other known atherosclerotic risk factors.
9179	Average systolic and diastolic blood pressures decreased 2.6 and 1.8 mm Hg in normotensive subjects and 7.4 and 5.8 mm Hg in hypertensive subjects, respectively, suggesting that exercise may serve as the only therapy required in some mildly hypertensive subjects.
9180	The Diabetes Prevention Program demonstrated the powerful effect that physical activity and weight loss can exert in preventing the onset of type II diabetes in individuals at high risk for this disease.
9181	This review 25 adds Ϸ4000 patients to the prior, widely cited meta-analyses of cardiac rehabilitation 23, 24 and confirms that exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation reduces cardiac mortality but does not reduce the risk of recurrent myocardial infarction.
9182	The most common risk of physical activity in adults is musculoskeletal injury.
9183	The possible value of this strategy is supported by the observation that the risk of exercise-related cardiac events is greatest in the least active individuals.
9184	Among participants in cardiac rehabilitation programs, the average incidence of cardiac arrest, nonfatal myocardial infarction, and death is Ϸ1 for every 117 000, 220 000, and 750 000 patient-hours of participation, 64 respectively.
9185	Such environmental engineering efforts should allow purposeful physical activities, such as walking to work and climbing stairs, to be used in lieu of labor-saving devices.
9186	A physical activity history is an important component of the health history, and healthcare providers should include the patient's habitual physical activity as part of the medical record.
9187	Additionally, the message that incremental change in physical activity behavior is important has to be emphasized so that patients do not see physical activity participation as an all-or-none behavior, like cigarette smoking.
9188	The contribution of physical inactivity to the development of the present obesity epidemic warrants additional investigation, as does the role of physical activity in the treatment of obesity.
9189	The average dimensions for bifurcation aneurysms were 10.3 mm in height, 7.7 mm in diameter, and 5.5 mm neck.
9190	Undersizing of the device relative to the aneurysm was believed to be the primary cause of incomplete occlusion; as noted earlier, this issue was addressed by having multiple device sizes during subsequent surgeries, whereupon occlusion efficacy was notably improved.
9191	In some post-implantation angiograms there was parent artery stenosis seen adjacent to the device, which may be alleviated by more precise sizing and placement of the device.
9192	The remaining two samples could not be evaluated because the plane of the histological sectioning may not have been through the neck.
9193	At 12 weeks post-implantation of either the coil-in-shell or gel-in-shell devices, no recanalization was observed in sidewall aneurysms, with several aneurysms New devices demonstrating significantly improved occlusion compared with initial device delivery.
9194	Conclusions about occlusion and recanalization rates in bifurcation aneurysms could not be made due to the small number of bifurcation aneurysms in this study.
9195	In this case, we used a copolymer of PU-HA, a non-thrombogenic native glycosaminoglycan known to promote cellular functions conducive to wound healing.
9196	In this pilot study, the coil-in-shell and gel-in-shell devices were delivered in their fully deployed configurations in order to evaluate the ability of the devices to occlude and heal aneurysms without interference arising from delivery related complications, with plans for future work to address delivery of this device through an endovascular route.
9197	The future intended delivery method could consist of placement of a microcatheter in the aneurysm followed by the device being loaded into the microcatheter and subsequent deployment and detachment of the device in the aneurysm.
9198	The cause of the parent artery stenosis observed in some of the cases is also a topic for future investigation.
9199	All authors discussed the results and implications, and commented on the manuscript at all stages.
9200	Culture media and growth conditions.
9201	Both PCR products were digested with NdeI and BamHI and cloned separately into the NdeI/BamHI-linearized plasmid pET14b, which resulted in the plasmids pET14b-wzb and pET14b-wzc, respectively.
9202	Another amplification was done using primers FPY1 and DLC4 and both PCR fragments as template.
9203	Separation of polysaccharides on SDS-polyacrylamide gel.
9204	It can be seen from the autoradiogram presented in Fig.
9205	Mutants of A. lwoffii RAG-1 with deletions of Wzb and Wzc.
9206	Deletions in FIG.
9207	Moreover, Wzc from RAG-1 was found to be an ATPdependent autophosphorylating enzyme which is dephosphorylated by Wzb.
9208	Experiments to reveal the function of the C-terminal tyrosine cluster and its relation to the upstream tyrosine residue are currently in progress.
9209	It is likely that this polymer accounts for the highly viscous morphology in colonies of these mutants.
9210	For example, electrochemical analysis of the time course of the interfacial electrical potential showed that the flip motion is accompanied by rapid transport of surfactant ions from one phase to another.
9211	This flip motion was due to induction of the Marangoni convection by the transitional and local adsorption of C12S ions beneath the capillary.
9212	Thus, the electrolyte in the water phase likely affected the pulse-like change in interfacial tension observed when the surfactant solution was added continuously to the biphasic system.
9213	Note that because DOPS has a zwitterionic polar head group, there was no repulsion between the head groups, even in the absence of the electrolyte, and DOPS was not likely to be desorbed at the water/nitrobenzene interface.
9214	When we discuss the unique behavior of the interfacial tension observed for the surfactants bearing zwitterionic or nonionic polar heads, we must consider not only the direct electrostatic interaction between the surfactant and the interface but also other factors such as how the ionic strength affected the solvent affinity for surfactant.
9215	Furthermore, the pulse-like change in interfacial tension upon OG addition was affected by the LiCl concentration in the water phase, partly because of the enthalpy affinity of water for electrolyte ions larger than OG and because of the entropic driving force derived from the salting out of OG.
9216	When ionic surfactants such as sulfuric acids and OTAB were added to the water/nitrobenzene interface, a flip motion of the interface was observed, but there was no pulse-like change in interfacial tension measured by means of QELS.
9217	In the presence of an electrolyte, the interfacial tension decreased at the time of the flip motion, and the change in interfacial tension was positively correlated with the electrolyte concentration in the water phase.
9218	In addition, OnLive recommends that the distance between a client and the closest data center should be less than 1600km.
9219	The client selects the chunk best suited to current network conditions.
9220	Ideally there should be no noticeable difference between cloud gaming and traditional gaming.
9221	Let M be the maximum latency allowable before the QoS of the game is affected.
9222	This is used as an index for the latency and bandwidth tables.
9223	The SelectCompressionMethod function is then called.
9224	Hence, a bandwidth value must be stored and regularly updated on the client.
9225	The average network latency established from this experiment can been seen in Table I .
9226	Another key performance metric for cloud gaming is the peak bandwidth available to cloud gaming clients.
9227	The number of subscribers in the region ranged from approximately 80,000 to 3,700,000.
9228	From this we can conclude that the high bandwidths of cloud gaming users in Maryland can be exploited by selecting a compression type which has low latency requirements and sending service requests to distant data centers.
9229	The hardware used by clients of cloud gaming services will have a significant effect on the latency caused by compression encoding and decoding.
9230	To this end we examine the hardware utilized by game users.
9231	From Figure 6 we can see that a broad range of processor hardware is utilised.
9232	It should be noted that higher resolutions are possible but GPUs capable of this are priced for the "enthusiast" market and as such represent a small portion of the potential market.
9233	It should be noted that Steam users possess a wide variety of single, two, four and six core CPUs with different clock speeds and cache sizes.
9234	We use the data from Figure 2, 3 and 4 for the network latency to examine the systems dynamic performance.
9235	Several of the identified genes have been shown previously to be involved in anxiety, while others are new and could provide valuable targets for future drug discovery.
9236	The hybridization was performed with the Agilent Gene Expression Hybridization kit according to the manufacturer's instructions.
9237	The down-regulation of several signal transduction pathways linked to neuropeptidergic networks were also observed in AX mice.
9238	Overall, our results indicate that the decreased CREB activation might be involved in the initiation of anxiety in our animal model.
9239	Among these channels, only a few have been characterized functionally in relation to neural excitability and/or anxiety.
9240	Altogether, the above-mentioned results highlighted the possibility that the neural excitability in the PCx and hippocampus increased in the AX mice.
9241	DMF administration reduced the activation and effector function of donor T cells in vitro and in vivo.
9242	Our findings suggest that DMF can be used for the prevention and treatment of aGVHD.
9243	For GVL model, 1 × 10 6 A20-luc cells were added to bone marrow graft as mentioned above, and injected into lethally irradiated BALB/c mice.
9244	Briefly, lethally irradiated BALB/c mice were transplanted with 5 × 10 6 TCD-BM plus 1 × 10 6 total spleen T cells or CD25-depleted T cells from B6 mice, DMF was administered to these recipients, with vehicle treatment as control.
9245	Samples were then embedded in paraffin, sectioned were stained with hematoxylin and eosin.
9246	After a 20-min incubation at 37°C, cells were washed and resuspended in PBS.
9247	Therefore, these results suggested that the protective effect of DMF treatment on aGVHD was at least partially dependent on the promotion of Treg cells.
9248	We found that DMF significantly inhibited the proliferation and proinflammatory cytokine production of alloreactive T cells in a dose-dependent manner.
9249	In addition, DMF could also induce cell apoptosis of activated alloreactive T cells in vitro.
9250	To support this notion, cytotoxicity assay showed that CTLs from DMF-treated recipients has comparable, or even increased killing activity against leukemia cells compared to vehicle controls.
9251	Detecting outliers, examples in a database with unusual properties, is an important data mining task.
9252	There are several minor differences between these definitions.
9253	Given the neighbors for each example in the data set, simply select the top n candidates according to the outlier definition.
9254	Table 1 shows our variation of the nested loop algorithm in more detail.
9255	Output: O, a set of outliers.
9256	This data set contains the responses from the 1990 decennial Census in the United States.
9257	We accessed examples in the data set sequentially using standard iostream functions and we did not write any special routines to perform caching.
9258	That is, as we are processing an example, we keep drawing more examples until we have seen k that are within distance d, at which point we eliminate it because it cannot be an outlier.
9259	Although the use of distance-based outliers is well established, in this section, we show results from the census data to give the readers a qualitative idea of the types of outliers found when large data sets are mined.
9260	Another outlier is a single-family rural farm household in Florence, South Carolina.
9261	We were not able to run GritBot on the household and person data sets with five million examples because of memory limitations.
9262	In comparison, our algorithm took 87 and 18 minutes respectively to process similar amounts of data on a 1.5 GHz Pentium 4 with 1 GB of memory.
9263	By definition the household income should be greater than or equal to the family income.
9264	For example, GritBot found records for people who are White and African-American, Black and Italian, Black and Swedish, Black and German, Black and Polish, Hispanic and Scotch-Irish.
9265	However, GritBot often did not use all four conditions and many outliers had only one or two terms.
9266	We showed that on large, real, high-dimensional data sets the algorithm had near linear scaling performance.
9267	However, the algorithm depends on a number of assumptions, violations of which can lead to poor performance.
9268	Retrieving related objects may in-volve extracting records in a non-sequential order and this can greatly slow database access.
9269	Based on these novel findings, we introduce the idea that the dopamine D3 receptor serves as a regulator for aging-related cardiac fibrosis and dysfunction.
9270	After in vivo data were acquired, animals were deeply anesthetized by exposure to isoflurane and decapitated.
9271	In each image, the area of 3-8 myocytes with centrally located nuclei was measured and recorded.
9272	An additional 14 male WT and 15 male D3KO mice were used for these studies.
9273	Together, these data provide evidence that the aging-related changes in blood pressure and heart rate affiliated with old WT are already present in young D3KO mice.
9274	Blood pressure, heart rate, and rate-pressure product in WT and D3KO.
9275	A1.
9276	Subsequent histological analyses revealed an agingrelated increase in interstitial fibrosis in the myocardium of WT, with fibrosis in the 2 yr WT equivalent to that observed in the 2 mo D3KO.
9277	Co.
9278	Large secondary follicles.
9279	This distribution served to distinguish a region of high organelle density from a low density area consisting almost entirely of matrix.
9280	Most striking, in the 'responsive' category the inner 6-8 layers comprised larger cells laden with glycogen, most obviously in those closest to the oocyte.
9281	The video reduces child labor to a question of permission or prohibition, rather than a network of questions about how, why, in what political economy or which contexts.
9282	Postcolonial Computing is a bag of tools that affords us contingent tactics for continual, careful, collective, and always partial reinscriptions of a cultural-technical situation in which we all find ourselves.
9283	But we suggest that an important element of the novelty of our situation lies in recent developments in computational design.
9284	Hybrid communication is multidirectional in his stories, and technological encounters take place over years and decades.
9285	While many translational design problems arise primarily in ''obvious'' postcolonial contexts-in ICT4D projects, for example-our arguments are broader in scope.
9286	The women's labors are part of the conditions of possibility of the girls' use of the XO.
9287	Unitron's work was not only an appropriation and translation of software knowledge produced in Cupertino.
9288	Erin, a business analyst at a large Internet company in the United States, describes collaborating with teams in India to locate promising customers.
9289	As technologies and collaborations around them have come to span national boundaries, cultural encounters such as Erin's have come into focus, recurring in our fieldwork.
9290	Media technologies in part constitute the very cultural categories by which some seek to explain them.
9291	Tactic 3, Corollary: When we see an instance of indigenous science or ''native'' technology, we investigate it not as an instance of inherent difference or autochthonous authenticity but as a practice with the same epistemological status as putatively Western sciences.
9292	And, how?
9293	As we have argued, the postcolonial computing calls the terms ''work,'' ''us,'' and ''them'' into question, while calling for reimagined, accountable, and provisional forms of transformation.
9294	People seeking to kill time or earn money can come to the site to perform the work.
9295	Cognitive pieceworkers label images, structure data, and rewrite sentences within form fields that make their output amenable to searching, filtering, and display on Web sites such as Amazon.com.
9296	These are not new questions nor do we invoke them here in order to assert the computer's materiality in the last instance.
9297	At one level, all computing is literally material; the representational and computational efficacy of the informational revolution is built on the practices of twentieth-century materials science and engineering.
9298	In 1985, The Cyborg Manifesto invoked the ''nimble fingers of 'Oriental' women'' and ''women's enforced attention to the small,'' taking the postindustrial scientific revolution to task.
9299	We know of the toxics used in chip manufacture and some of their health effects on workers.
9300	Politics and materiality function not as external context but as part of the ground for forging new modes of engaged description.
9301	This analytical rubric is interdisciplinary from the ground up, exploring how cultural contexts shape the design and use of ICT, as well as how ICT and ICT design function as a site of cultural encounter and technological translation.
9302	Rather than tell each of those stories, we have used them anecdotally to demonstrate how particular modes of problematization draw questions out of our seemingly banal, daily observations in the field.
9303	These other narratives remain partial and approximate, but they are irrevocably opened up to problematization.
9304	The rest of this paper is outlined as below.
9305	Sec.
9306	Its dynamics is described by the generation transition function ψ : R n×λ → R n×λ , see e.g.
9307	For the individuals, either only the best or a few best from the population could be used.
9308	It consists of two steps.
9309	Another interesting research is to compare and combine the abstract memory scheme with other approaches developed for EAs in dynamic environments.
9310	It has changed medical knowledge as well as its practice.
9311	The second one, analysing how technology changes the human environment and thereby the distribution and definition of diseases, is an indirect perspective.
9312	Both in terms of devices, methods and organisation, technology today is integrated in modern medicine.
9313	It has been argued that there are important conceptual ties between diVerent forms of causal thinking and particular views of what diseases are.
9314	The brain, viewed by Descartes as a hydraulic network, has since been recognised as a telephone exchange, a computer and, more recently, a holographic data storage system.
9315	Furthermore, the organisation of medical knowledge is influenced by technological innovation.
9316	According to Feinstein the classification of diseases seems to follow three main organising principles.
9317	The electrocardiograph revealed that many patients had similar changes of their ECG when undergoing stress-testing as patients with angina, and that such changes predicted an increased risk of heart disease.
9318	Hence, it was the technological test that defined and detected disease and that initiated medical activity and not the subjective experience of the patient.
9319	Here it has been argued that technology constitutes the classification of new disease entities and a wide range of them are asymptomatic diseases.
9320	When development in technology changes the phenomena that are applied to define disease and the explanatory models of medicine, this correspondingly aVects the classification of disease entities.
9321	They develop according to "the gradual adoption of characteristics derived from more precise fields of inquiry" and the "new definition tends gradually to displace the old".
9322	Measuring blood pressure gave an "objective account" of the internal conditions in the patient.
9323	The technique of detecting albuminuria had, together with the recognition of diVerent textures of autopsied kidneys, established a new disease entity.
9324	This practical formation of the disease concept will be investigated in the following sections.
9325	Correspondingly, disease entities that earlier were detected using one technological method alter diagnosis with the emergence of new technology.
9326	There is also a therapeutic constitution of disease.
9327	In the latter the concept of disease is founded by treatability.
9328	Disease taxonomy aVects the centralisation and specialisation of medicine.
9329	The point here has been to argue that within any of these positions technology is constitutive for the concept of disease: Technology has become the measure of disease.
9330	The methods were further compared by the simultaneous use of the TiVi and LDPI during iontophoresis of acetylcholine.
9331	None of the subjects had any previous history of vascular disease and all gave informed consent to participate.
9332	Each test started with the recording of a baseline of 10 photographs.
9333	Curves that lacked stable plateaus, and consequently resulted in an inaccurate curve fit, were excluded from further individual calculations.
9334	Mean TiVi-values were plotted as a function of LDPI-values.
9335	A full scan was completed every 10 th second and was performed in between capture of TiVi images.
9336	Two subjects did not respond with a significant decrease in RBC conc and the data were therefore excluded from further calculations.
9337	Individual Curve fit.
9338	The CV for the ED 50 value from the pooled vasoconstriction data is shown in Table 2b.
9339	Coefficient of variation.
9340	Individual Curve fits.
9341	The warming also increases surface evaporation, a damping that balances atmospheric forcing/feedback.
9342	In most models, solar radiation is a negative forcing that reduces the TIO warming.
9343	Efforts to significantly halt the progress of prostate cancer have been frustrated by lack of a highly sensitive and specific screening tool to detect cancer at a stage at which it is confined within the gland, and by the lack of an effective treatment with minimal morbidity.
9344	These characteristics make it reasonable to suggest that activin may have an important role in the development and progression of cancer.
9345	Mutations of both the RI and RII components have been described but mutations of single residues in RI fail to inhibit activity.
9346	There is also an important role for inhibin and, in particular, its subunit in prostate cancer.
9347	The charactersitics of the prostates in Matzuk inhibin-deficient mice were not described.
9348	In vitro data also support the loss of the α subunit.
9349	The role for follistatin as an individual regulatory protein in the pathogenesis of prostate cancer is unknown.
9350	Activin's relationship with follistatin is a unique regulatory pathway, because an exact corollary for TGFβ has not been demonstrated.
9351	The interplay between TGFβ and its binding proteins occurs at a pre-activation stage and not through binding of the active ligand, such as is seen between activin and follistatin.
9352	Activin is growth inhibitory in some prostate tumour cell lines in vitro.
9353	All these training methods follow the same pipeline: they train only a single weight on a given development set, and then use it to translate all the sentences in a test set.
9354	Suppose T be a test set, Dev a development set, and D a retrieval data.
9355	Algorithm 1 suffers a problem of training efficiency in line 3.
9356	The two-phase local training algorithm is described in Algorithm 2, where c s and r s denote the translation candidate set and reference set for each sentence f s in retrieval data, respectively, and K is the retrieval size.
9357	Please note that the two-phase training contains global training in line 1 and local training in line 5.
9358	In this paper, we extract similar examples from training data.
9359	Ultraconservative update is an efficient way to consider the trade-off between the progress made on development set Dev and the progress made on D i .
9360	If D i is more similar to the test sentence t i , the better performance will be achieved for the larger λ. In particular, if D i consists of only a single sentence t i , the best performance will be obtained when λ goes to infinity.
9361	The retrieval data is set as the training data, i.e.
9362	This shows that the local method is efficient.
9363	We can also see that EBUU and MBUU are comparable on these three test sets.
9364	The reason is that it reduces its dependency on the number of sentences in test dataset, which may cause a bias.
9365	Table 6 depicts that there are 1735 sentences with zero BLEU points in all the three test datasets for MERT.
9366	Further, the turning point appearing at 0.06 proves that the ultraconservative update is necessary.
9367	This phenomenon can also be interpreted in Table 4 as the lowest similarity between the development and NIST08 datasets.
9368	Analyses of biologic claims in PBM databases have yielded insights on costs per treated patient 12 and dose escalation, 13 but these analyses have not included estimates of effectiveness.
9369	An analysis of PBM data that incorporates estimations of both cost and effectiveness of biologics for treating RA would, therefore, provide a fuller picture of what this type of payer can expect in different formulary scenarios.
9370	One method for achieving this sort of analysis is to measure the effectiveness of biologics according to a validated algorithm; one can then calculate the cost per effectively treated patient.
9371	The first observed claim during the patient identification period defined the index date; the previous 180 days were defined as the pre-index period; and the follow-up period was the 365 days after the index date.
9372	Annual cost per effectively treated patient was calculated by dividing the total cost of biologic treatment of the cohort by the number of effectively treated patients according to the validated algorithm.
9373	Patients taking etanercept and adalimumab experienced similar algorithm-defined effectiveness rates, while the rates were higher with etanercept compared to infliximab and abatacept.
9374	Some of the differences between our analysis and those previously reported may derive from the differences between PBM and commercial claims databases.
9375	Nevertheless, we have observed results that distinguish our study results from those already reported.
9376	It is unclear, however, why both abatacept and infliximab had lower rates of adherence in our analysis than in previous analyses of other commercial claims databases.
9377	Notably, we derived these cost estimates from a PBM database and applied WAC pricing.
9378	Overall, however, our analysis provides estimates of algorithmdefined effectiveness and cost per effectively treated patient that may allow plan managers to predict their formulary costs for biologics used to treat RA.
9379	Moreover, the choice of a biologic for RA could have been influenced by channeling bias owing to patient, disease, or labeling characteristics.
9380	All these study therefore suggest a potential direct and indirect role of BVCs in bacterial competition.
9381	ApoE secreted into the medium was measured by ELISA and confirmed by Western blot analysis.
9382	Blood was collected from the apoE Ϫ/Ϫ mice over 3 hours, and plasma was analyzed for the appearance of macrophage-derived apoE.
9383	In vitro inhibition was indeed reversible after removal of H89 and colchicine but not after removal of BAPTA-AM.
9384	The present study is the first to characterize the major signaling pathways required for apoE secretion from macrophages.
9385	PKA potentiates the Ca 2ϩ response by controlling PLC activity through its phosphorylation.
9386	We adapted a recently validated model of in vivo macrophage cholesterol efflux to establish an in vivo model of macrophage apoE secretion.
9387	Although the effects of H89 and colchicine were limited by transient exposure and reversible inhibition, the data do provide support for microtubule-, calcium-, and probably PKA-dependent macrophage apoE secretion in vivo.
9388	Oils can be grouped into the following: The presence of volatile oil is also reported in fruits and roots.
9389	The results are contrasted against C. albicans but have to be more explored, while data related to A. fumigatus and C. krusei are encouraging.
9390	They had close connections with cinema operators in various parts of Asia, thus making available a vast hinterland of Asian audiences to Japanese producers looking for nearby overseas markets in which to distribute their films.
9391	Or should it leave the 'uncanny' open, as the medium itself carries with it a sense of the fantastic and the magical?
9392	However, the growing size of Shaw Brothers' multi-national film distribution network in Asia and that of other Chinese film companies should not be underestimated; the Japanese film industry intrinsically recognized the wide distribution networks that were available.
9393	Lu Feng states that Japanese film producers, led by Daiei's president Nagata Masaichi, in addition to wanting to promote Japanese-made films in Asia, wanted to correct the past negative, militaristic image of Japan by means of culture and the arts.
9394	In Hakujaden, for example, Panda and his group of animal friends and their various good deeds and friendship were created and chiefly designed by Mori.
9395	Until recently, Chinese communities in East Asia and Southeast Asia were hardly aware of the Japanese-made animated version of the White Snake Tale, although several live-action films were widely known.
9396	However, it is unclear whether the film was ever shown in that part of the world since Japanese-made films were banned in Korea and Taiwan in the decades following the Second World War.
9397	In a collective corporate sense, the resurrection of the Legend of the White Snake on Japanese soil was an advantageous performative venture.
9398	The reporter's penname was Kitao, and his film review was published in Mainichi shinbun, 22 October 1958.
9399	In this article, I set out to explore more deeply how the notion of 'dancing in different tongues' could illuminate meaning in indigenous contemporary intercultural dance terrains.
9400	Following this introduction, in the interests of clarity, I present a brief historical background of the longstanding debate about dance as a universal language.
9401	Icons-resemble the object that they represent.
9402	Overlapping indexicals, icons and symbols in La'U Lupe affirm Peirce's theory that functionality derives from how they intertwine dynamically.
9403	It is, therefore, especially interesting to illuminate because it engages with the probability that outsiders may struggle with translation of multiple languages and concepts other than that which they can bring from within their own cultural terrains.
9404	In describing the use in Pou of the side-to-side vibrating, trembling hand gesture of wiri characteristically seen in haka, Gray explained its derivation from the story about Tāne-rore, the child of Te Manu-i-terā and Hine Raumati, the Summer maid and the sun.
9405	Also indicative of haka dance language are the delicate steps on tiptoe, hiteki or hitoko, and other step patterns.
9406	Gray implies, the guardians in their role as observers and supporters, watchful over both the unfolding narrative and of occasions when different types of haka of the past, present and future are performed.
9407	Other dance vocabulary seen in Maui is unlikely to appear in Māori haka.
9408	This going back to tribe, this realisation of a tribal past, this reconstruction of a primal memory is very important to the participants and reflections on the ancestors, nga matua, tupuna and the world they lived in te ao o nehera occur many times.
9409	You may wish to consider how these languages overlap with the dance but word count prevents inclusion of these features in this paper.
9410	However, the physiological function of sweetpotato leaves and the CQA derivatives have not yet been studied synthetically.
9411	The leaves from sixty sweetpotato genotypes were used for this study.
9412	Features of the Ipomoea batatas L. genotypes used in the study was presented in Table 1 .
9413	However, IC 50 of purified compounds was expressed on a molar base.
9414	The antimutagenic activity was evaluated for Salmonella typhimurium TA 98 using a mutagen, Trp-P-1.
9415	The bacterium was cultured in nutrient broth for 16 h at 37 O C prior to the mutagenicity assay.
9416	These data also suggest that 3,4,5-triCQA might exceed mono-and diCQA derivatives in physiological function.
9417	This 40 confirmed the discovery of this new maleimide mediated decarboxylative photocleavage.
9418	This reaction could represent a new approach to photochemical uncaging, and is worthy of further exploration.
9419	This scenario yields an s−wave pairing amplitude with opposite sign on hole and electron pockets.
9420	We argue below that they are consistent with several experimental findings on K x Ba 1−x Fe 2 As 2 for x ≈ 1.
9421	The model.
9422	Role of SO coupling.
9423	We see that, indeed, in some range of parameters, the gap on the larger hole pocket has eight accidental nodes.
9424	Our results are consistent with ARPES and other experiments on strongly hole doped K x Ba 1−x Fe 2 As 2 .
9425	ACP is supported by NSF grant PHY-1066293.
9426	They also have a greater degree of nonlinearity at low voltage and current levels such that they can operate as more ideal rectifiers and mixers under low drive conditions.
9427	This paper summarizes benefits of the STEEP transistors in microwave and mm-wave applications, and illustrates representative circuits that can benefit significantly from their use.
9428	Subsequently the simulated characteristics of representative microwave and mm-wave circuits are presented.
9429	Specific device models used in this paper correspond to source regions composed of GaSb, channels of InAs, and drain regions of InAs or InGaAs.
9430	Many of the circuits are thus simulated with resistive loads.
9431	In several cases discussed below, however, p-channel devices are also assumed, and their characteristics are taken to be "mirror images" of the n-channel simulations.
9432	A critical concern for many microwave and mm-wave applications is the extrinsic gate resistance, R g , which is determined for each finger by the finger length, as well as by the width T g of the gate metallization.
9433	Representative values are illustrated in Fig.
9434	In the white noise regime, there are also contributions to S id from the channel noise.
9435	It is noteworthy that the HTFETs maintain high f t at low bias currents, as a result of their high g m and relatively low C gs and C gd .
9436	In the following, the performance simulated for HTFETs in representative microwave and mm-wave applications is described, beginning with circuits which rely heavily on the nonlinearity of HTFETs at low power, followed by circuits which benefit particularly from low current and low voltage operation.
9437	While the circuits shown require p-channel along with n-channel TFETs, it is also possible to configure diode bridges using diode-connected n-channel devices in place of p-FETs, as shown in Fig.
9438	Circuit simulation indicates that with TFETs, mixing can be carried out with exceptionally low LO power levels.
9439	Here the LO is delivered at the sources of a differential pair of switching FETs, RF signal is provided at the gates, and the output is derived from the second order nonlinearity of the transistors.
9440	It is noteworthy that doubler circuits of this type can operate above f max , since power gain is not required.
9441	A representative design is shown in Fig.
9442	A corresponding circuit combination is shown in Fig.
9443	Operation of data links with very low voltage swings, such as may be achievable with HTFETs, is an attractive possibility.
9444	For actual implementation it is convenient to use circuits with greater functionality such as bidirectional multidrop links shown in 132 VOLUME 3, NO.
9445	Their strong nonlinearity should also enable rectifiers and detectors with unprecedented sensitivity.
9446	This paper has highlighted a variety of potential circuit applications, along with simulated performance.
9447	It is likely that further improvements in design will enable additional performance increases using HTFETs.
9448	The operators H and U r satisfy interesting properties.
9449	Second, the operator U r is unitary.
9450	The label µ used in Section 2 is here of the form µ ≡ α; r with a fixed value of r. It is important to note that the label α in Eqs.
9451	Paldus for interesting discussions and the kind hospitality extended to him on the occasion of several fruitful visits at the Mathematics Department of the University of Waterloo.
9452	Merci beaucoup Jo.
9453	Perceiving an approaching person may be especially important, because oncoming biological motion is a good indicator that a social interaction is about to occur.
9454	To evaluate heading sensitivity, we asked observers to make predictive judgments about a walker's heading.
9455	The middle station had no perspective, so as to appear straight ahead.
9456	The train always appeared on top of the tracks and remained under the center station until the experimenter directed it to the selected station.
9457	The decreasing size of the trees produced the impression of linear perspective and made the walker appear to be far away but headed toward the stations.
9458	Although the size and placement of the houses, trees, and walker were not consistent with perfect linear perspective, they gave the impression of depth adequately for our purposes.
9459	Next, a point-light walker appeared at the center of the screen with one of 10 different headings so as to appear headed toward one of the stations.
9460	On each trial, the experimenter explained that the walker was trying to get to one of the stations and that a cartoon train needed the child's help to travel to the correct station and pick the walker up.
9461	This sensitivity was not available for discriminating an inverted person's heading, suggesting that children used high-level visual mechanisms that integrate low-level motion cues with a person's global human configuration.
9462	Our findings also demonstrate a level of perceptual sophistication that could be used for making predictive spatiotemporal judgments about the future location of a person.
9463	Syk was found to be able to suppress tumorigenesis and metastasis, but the molecular mechanism of the Syk function still remains largely unknown.
9464	All specimens were placed in liquid nitrogen immediately after resection and stored at -80°C until RNA or genomic DNA extraction.
9465	An initial denaturation step was at 95°C for 10s followed by 40 cycles of denaturation at 95°C for 5s, annealing at 60°C for 34s, then the solubility temperature curve assay was performed.
9466	Real-time PCR was performed as described previously.
9467	The specific rabbit polyclonal antibody against Syk c-20 is adhere to the cytoplasmic and stained claybank, which is mainly confined to the connective tissue adjacent to cancer, but in the lung cancer part which is absented.
9468	In SP×400, we hardly find the staining sites in all histopathological types.
9469	Liu et al.
9470	Our simulations also suggest that previous theories correctly predict the shape of the optimal waveform within their validity regime, namely when the forcing is weak.
9471	First of all, there is no such thing as an optimal force waveform.
9472	This is how the points of Fig.
9473	Relative growth rates and water use strategies that generally differ among species are likely regulated by both plant morphological and physiological traits.
9474	Finally, the third objective is to disentangle the relative contribution of climate, soil, and community properties to PUE across alpine grasslands on the northern Tibetan Plateau.
9475	Thus, a higher value of FGC means relative more hygrophytes and mesophytes than xerophytes.
9476	However, we cannot reject that that that loamy soils with higher organic carbon content in AM has a greater water-holding capacity that sandy soils in AS and desert-steppe .
9477	In the temperate sandy grasslands of Inner Mongolia, Zuo et al.
9478	Life history and biogeochemical mechanisms can interact to influence the production response of alpine grasslands to precipitation.
9479	Remaining adipose tissue was immediately snap-frozen in liquid N and stored at −80°C for later analysis of lipogenic enzyme activity.
9480	Acetate and palmitate incorporation rates were expressed as nanomoles of acetate or palmitate converted to total lipid per minute per gram of lipid.
9481	During the second year of the study, one cowcalf pair was removed due to death of the calf.
9482	Thus, greater lipoprotein lipase activity in cows with a BCS of 4 at parturition would infer that if rate of circulating chylomicrons increased at the adipocyte, there would be a greater supply of FFA presented to the adipocyte surface.
9483	Moreover, if a greater proportion of dietary triacylglycerols could be diverted to adipose tissue during lactation, cows in low BCS could increase in body condition more rapidly.
9484	Through this pathway phosphatidic acid is produced, and then the phosphate group is hydrolyzed yielding diacylglycerol, which is then esterified to a third fatty acid to produce triacylglycerol.
9485	Although Scholljegerdes et al.
9486	In conclusion, our results indicate that specific fatty acids in dietary lipid supplements may not effectively repartition nutrients to adipose tissue during early to peak lactation.
9487	At the onset of lactation, the biochemistry of adipose tissue seems to be altered in support of partitioning nutrients to mammary tissue for synthesis of milk at the expense of body condition.
9488	Traditionally, requirements analysis constitutes the initial phase of a software development project, and implementation the last.
9489	Although flexible, forking has inherent difficulties, such as maintenance, evolution, and social factors concerning the development community.
9490	Trac is developed as an open-source project, under the leadership of two developers at Edgewall Software.
9491	This latest iteration has been the most successful, with adoption by two separate courses, a self-hosted development project, and interest from academic research labs in the Department.
9492	There has been some research on requirements in OSS.
9493	In this sense, many OSS projects can be seen as 'forks' from existing tools, in ideas if not actual code.
9494	All three were senior developers, although not the 'gatekeepers', for the Trac project.
9495	Phase 2 takes one theory about this process and applies it to a product of the process.
9496	This is because DrProject is intended for student projects and student maintainers.
9497	Frustration is a product of failing to address the other concepts.
9498	In the specific case of Trac and DrProject, the DrProject team understood priorities for Trac to be different.
9499	They tended to extend existing projects to address customer needs.
9500	In goal modeling terminology, we wish to assess whether the new requirements are satisficed by the new system.
9501	Muthanna et al.
9502	Poorly commented code is more difficult to maintain without assistance from the original author.
9503	We used this to redesign the interface and tested this updated version with a further five students.
9504	Code complexity -We ran the pymetrics tool on the source files, producing individual results for each one.
9505	Its advantages are speed and cross-language compatibility.
9506	Another user, however, liked the custom ticket interface we presented her.
9507	However, the qualitative assessment we undertook does provides some support for hypothesis H 1 .
9508	We concluded that there was a relationship between differing requirements and DrProject's usability and maintainability.
9509	During the timeframe of this study, there were other development goals beside the two softgoals we list.
9510	Internal validity -Was the relationship established a valid one?
9511	We addressed this by using only codes which emerged from a majority of the data sources, not just one or two.
9512	There is a hope that other universities will join in, but some involvement from these two seems likely in the immediate term.
9513	Many of these theories, however, defy quantitative evaluation.
9514	This research explored theories about forking, requirements, and open-source software.
9515	Community detection is an important topic in analyzing networked data because it reveals underlying structures in a complex network, a key to the network analysis.
9516	Neither of these models is satisfying: a symmetric model misses the semantics of link directions, a key factor that distinguishes directed networks from undirected networks; a conditional model only captures one type of links, either incoming links or outgoing links, and therefore is unable to characterize nodes in a full spectrum.
9517	In particular, we model both outgoing links and incoming links by the introduction of the latent variables productivity and popularity.
9518	We develop efficient EM-algorithms for computing the maximum likelihood solutions to the models proposed in this paper.
9519	Further analysis is conducted to investigate the trade-offs of each stochastic block model when data characteristic varies.
9520	It is important to note that both conditional models only take into account one type of links, and therefore are insufficient for directed network community detection.
9521	One implication of this theorem is that the space of the optimal solution to the general PPL model is not a unique fixed point.
9522	It turns out that these existing models all can be considered as special cases of PPL, with different constraints.
9523	Because as we have discussed before, PHITS is a relaxed version of PoCL, obviously it can also be derived from PPL.
9524	In this network, there are totally 1,490 nodes and 19,090 links.
9525	We first give detailed description about the three metrics.
9526	Performance on Community Detection The community detection performances for different models on the three data sets are given in Tables 2, 3 , and 4.
9527	Specifically, for each node in the network we randomly hide one of its incoming links and one of its outgoing links and ask each model to recover the missing links.
9528	Such a task has practical values in applications such as friend recommendation in social networks and citation suggestion in citation networks.
9529	As can be seen from the figures, compared to SJL and the Frequency-based baseline, P-family models perform the best in all the cases except the inlink recall for Cora network.
9530	All the degree distributions follow a power-law distribution except the outdegree distribution in Cora network.
9531	This special case actually reveals some trade-offs made by different models.
9532	These empirical studies clearly validate the degree fitting property of the PPL models that we previously stated in Section 3.3.
9533	In this paper, we present a new stochastic block model, PPL, for community detection in directed networks.
9534	On one hand, our model is complete, in that it captures the roles of each node both as a link producer and as a link receiver whereas a consistent community membership serves both the roles; on the other hand, our model is unified, in that it offers a unified framework to connect and to understand existing models.
9535	Since the resulting dilution factor must be incorporated into the calculation of endotoxin levels, an LAL of increased sensitivity is desirable for such products requiring significant dilution.
9536	The magnitude of dilution that is required to eliminate interference for some of the small-volume parenteral products is shown in Table 5 .
9537	To test this hypothesis, a raw LAL, with and without the additional magnesium, was reacted with endotoxin.
9538	This raw LAL contains no protein stabilizer.
9539	The significance of these two polypeptides on the mechanism of LAL is not known.
9540	In addition, we include an upper bound methodology that assumes there are no alias relations.
9541	This section describes comparative studies of alias analyses.
9542	Other researchers evaluate alias analysis algorithms by reporting changes to the size of the static points-to information when the precision of the algorithm changes.
9543	Other related work focuses on the clients.
9544	Our work is in the spirit of the last four studies, all of which focus on the client optimizations.
9545	In addition, we use a new methodology that computes the very loose static upper bound that shows, for our programs and optimizations, that no additional precision is needed.
9546	The addresstaken algorithm produces the most conservative set of alias relations.
9547	It outputs C or assembly for the Alpha and Sparc processors.
9548	Aliases inhibit loop unrolling only if the loop control variables may be aliased with loop varying variables.
9549	Scalar Replacement tricks the allocator by replacing subscripted variables by scalars and thus making them available for register allocation.
9550	Criteria: number of array loads replaced.
9551	Criteria: number of loads to global variables replaced.
9552	AASR reduces the number of multiplication operations executed during runtime.
9553	When invoking Scale, we specify a version of alias analysis from Table 2 .
9554	The column marked "CFG Nodes" shows the number of nodes in the Control Flow Graph created by Scale for the program.
9555	The compile time of the program for each alias analysis algorithm is first divided by the compile time of the program using address-taken analysis.
9556	Each mean is subscripted by the average deviation of the counter values from that mean.
9557	The bar graph in Fig.
9558	To understand these results, we first define a sequence anomaly.
9559	LU: This optimization behaved exactly in the same way in all aspects as it did with all optimizations enabled.
9560	All patients were in a good general condition, but had eruptions with areas of lichenification and exudation, skin pigmentation, and epilation distributed over the entire body.
9561	They had no specific abdominal symptoms and did not abuse laxatives that containing senna, aloe, or other ingredients.
9562	Their average age was 23.4 ± 2 years and the male to female ratio was 7:1.
9563	In the patients with atopic dermatitis, the long sigmoid colon is commonly coiled inside the pelvis.
9564	The total IgE level showed no association with any of these histological findings.
9565	However, this inflammation may not be a cause of atopic dermatitis because there was no improvement of melanosis coli or inflammatory cell infiltration over 4 patients, whose dermatitis improved after 6 months of treatment with an antifungal drug.
9566	In addition, Candida albicans seems to have little influence on chronic inflammation of the large intestine.
9567	Restriction enzyme sites are described in SI Text.
9568	However, UV inactivation of SPBAANGAS-GAS-GAS resulted in a Ͼ1,000-fold increase in the ED 50 .
9569	It is noteworthy in this regard that 5-and 10-day-old mice infected i.c.
9570	The use of the highly attenuated triple GAS vaccine, which is able to induce protective immunity after a single immunization, could make global eradication of canine rabies more feasible.
9571	Infection of Mice.
9572	Six 8-week-old Swiss-Webster or various mutant mice were infected i.c.
9573	For preexposure immunization against rabies, groups of 10 6-to 8-week-old female Swiss-Webster mice were inoculated i.m.
9574	All the solutions were attributed to mid-Z elements.
9575	Some of the solutions were presented in our previous paper .
9576	All the two-component thermal models composed of either blackbody and magnetized Hydrogen atmosphere model fit the data well, yielding a chi-squared very close to unity.
9577	We found model II implausible from our phase-resolved spectroscopy .
9578	However assessing NS atmospheric conditions requires both transition energies and oscillator strengths for various binding states over a large set of NS parameters.
9579	However, magnetic field can vary over the line-emitting area thus producing line broadening.
9580	LTE greatly simplifies calculation of ionization states and level population as they depend only on plasma density and temperature.
9581	Therefore we do not consider the spin-flip transition.
9582	Some of the new results are used to constrain the atmosphere models for 1E1207.
9583	We briefly outline our three-step procedure in connection with the observed properties listed in §2.
9584	Later, we relax the assumptions and consider how this changes the results.
9585	In this section we focus on bound-bound transitions for the following reasons, although we considered all combinations of spectral features including bound-free transitions.
9586	This is also true for other ionization states.
9587	In the next section, we constrain B and Z based on the assumption that the two absorption features are produced by transition lines from highly-ionized atoms.
9588	Among various approaches for evaluating the OP, we adopted the formalism of Potekhin et al.
9589	Higher excited states are subject to larger broadening.
9590	These features are robust as they appear over a large range of ρ, T and θ B .
9591	Along with oxygen, other elements such as hydrogen and helium could also fall back onto the surface.
9592	This scheme was shown to exhibit a better performance than the SM and SSK schemes, since it is capable of achieving both transmit-and receive-diversity, rather than only receive-diversity, as in SM.
9593	Throughout this paper we assume , that is, we consider only full-diversity, minimum-delay DMs.
9594	Let be a product-map over a set of ordered pairs, where and are two arbitrary sets, given by .
9595	Let furthermore the number of transmit antennas be , and .
9596	It is evident from the figure that the proposed CDA-DM perform significantly better than the existing CO-DM and the Alamouti code for all the estimation error variances considered.
9597	CDA codes were shown to belong to this class, which resulted in DMs with beneficial coding gains, which was achieved without compromising the achievable capacity.
9598	HLC and FLC assays provided sometimes differing but complementary information, ie, in some patients both assays indicated the presence of monoclonal protein and in others only one of the assays did so.
9599	Using HLC assay, we successfully detected isotype and quantified monoclonal Ig in all multiple myeloma patients.
9600	The analysis for the entire cohort confirmed the prognostic relevance of the HLC ratio along with high β2-microglobulin values.
9601	Multivariate analysis confirmed an abnormal HLC ratio as an independent prognostic factor.
9602	When extending a modelling language towards the ability to specify detailed behaviour, we enter the area that is usually covered by traditional, textual programming languages.
9603	In this paper we describe a declarative, objectoriented, QBE-based approach to visualizing OCL expressions over a UML model instance, to be used inside of textual or visual imperative statements.
9604	The graph of an object, link or attribute example makes it possible to declaratively specify an expression that includes a graphical representation for essential query operators: joins, selections and projections.
9605	We have also developed a prototype implementation within the Eclipse framework.
9606	However, it is difficult to evaluate microscopic tumor invasiveness, such as pleural involvement, lymphatic permeation, and vascular invasion, even on thin-section CT.
9607	That is, tumors with lower iodine uptake for pretreatment evaluation showed a worse prognosis after radiotherapy.
9608	In our institution, the dual-phase dynamic CTs were performed routinely to preoperative evaluation of lung cancer.
9609	The DE-CT technique can create iodineenhanced images from DE-CT raw data sets of 140kVp and 80kVp, and measure absolute quantification of iodine within the tumors.
9610	This application can automatically segment a pulmonary nodule and calculate the mean iodine related attenuation of pulmonary nodules with a three-material decomposition algorithm.
9611	From this result, the corrected 3D-IRA was used as a factor for multivariate logistic analysis.
9612	Highgrade NSCLCs tended to show low contrast enhancement.
9613	Finally, the radiation dose on contrast enhanced CT was not compared between DE-CT and conventional single energy CT.
9614	However, the recent study of Uhrig et al.
9615	Hence, there are two major procedures in the proposed approach.
9616	Local homographies are aggregated to achieve longrange motion estimation.
9617	As illustrated in Figure 4 , it is straightforward to iteratively apply the above process to propagate the motion from previous frames to a distant frame.
9618	Trajectory transfer.
9619	Notice that standard texture mapping can then be exploited to generate the warped images given the original and deformed mesh vertices.
9620	Suspension culture technology using microcarriers has been industrially applied in teolytic enzyme treatment.
9621	Cytodex-3 is a microcarrier containing denatured collagen bound covalently to the surface layer enzyme such as trypsin; however, this method of cell detachment leads to irreversible damage to cells and ex-of a cross-linked dextran matrix.
9622	Immunocytochemical examina-conventional microcarriers requires treatment with proteolytic enzyme followed by centrifugation and resus-tions showed that cells detached by temperature change contained larger amounts of fibronectin and laminin than pension of cells to remove remaining enzyme.
9623	In contrast, pNIPAAm can degrade in vivo to monomers by the action of hepatic glutathione S-pNIPAAm becomes hydrophilic and hydrated.
9624	Because cell detachment from microcarriers by tempera-and ECM preservation as compared to BMMSCs cultured on plain microcarriers.
9625	A study reported that ture change is less harmful to cells than enzyme treatment, cells can grow exponentially at a higher rate after BMMSCs undergo progressive replicative aging and osteogenic differentiation during culture at subconfluency passage or scale-up, and therefore a shorter time is required to expand cells.
9626	The baropodometer is an advanced force platform, used for the analysis of plantar pressure areas applied by the body in both motion and static position.
9627	We attempted to assess differences in plantar pressure distribution in normal individuals before and after a regular working day as well as before and after muscular stretching, checking if dynamic daily changes in the Achilles tendon and muscles could generate any changes in load distribution on feet.
9628	An obvious advantage of combining query load shedding and update load shedding within the same framework is to empower MobiQual with differentiated load shedding capability, that is, configuring query reevaluation periods and update inaccuracy thresholds for achieving high overall QoS with respect to both freshness and accuracy.
9629	To the best of our knowledge, none of the existing works has exploited the potential of performing load shedding to maximize the application-level freshness and accuracy of mobile queries.
9630	Unlike the set of works listed under category 5, MobiQual receives updates from all the nodes so that ad hoc and historical queries can also be supported.
9631	It performs both update load shedding and query load shedding to control the load of the system according to this throttle fraction, while maximizing the overall quality of the query results.
9632	The set of continual queries installed in the system is denoted by Q. For each query q 2 Q, there is an associated QoS specification S q .
9633	The mobile CQ system supports a minimum staleness value of ' and a minimum position error of ' .
9634	In summary, we have q 2 ½ ' ; a and q 2 ½ ' ; a .
9635	The space partitioning is recomputed prior to the periodic adaptation.
9636	The main idea is to selectively pick and drill down on a region using the hierarchy constructed in the first stage.
9637	For each grid cell c i;j , the statistics grid stores the accuracy QoS function for that grid cell.
9638	For a tree node t, the accuracy gain U½t is calculated as follows: Let E½t be the average result inaccuracy if we only had one shedding region, that is, t's region.
9639	In the latter case, the load cannot be shed to meet the processing constraint and random dropping of incoming updates as well as delay in query reevaluations will unavoidably take place.
9640	Similarly, let u represent the fraction of update load imposed by the set of inaccuracy thresholds that was actually handled with respect to update processing.
9641	The intelligent update load shedding capability by itself provides substantial improvement in overall query result accuracy and is a significant contribution of this work, and has wide applicability.
9642	Second, we evaluate MobiQual in its entirety, with update and query load shedding capabilities as well as accuracy and freshness-based QoS support.
9643	The increments used by the MQLS algorithm are determined using ¼ 100, i.e., the maximum number of increments possible is 100 for each reevaluation period and inaccuracy threshold.
9644	In this section, we present experimental results on the effectiveness of the MobiQual-Light load shedder in cutting the cost of receiving and processing position updates in mobile CQ systems, while minimally affecting the accuracy of the query results.
9645	Impact of the throttle fraction.
9646	This is because MobiQual-Light cuts the required fraction of position updates from the regions that do not contain any queries.
9647	The graphs in Fig.
9648	They plot the mean containment error E C rr of MobiQual-Light as a function of the number of shedding regions, for different throttle fractions.
9649	Messaging cost.
9650	By employing a tiny 5 Â 5 grid index on the mobile node side, the shedding region that contains the current position of the mobile node can be found quickly.
9651	In this section, we compare the performance of the MobiQual system in its entirety, with both update and query load shedding as well as per-query QoS specification support, to a number of other alternatives.
9652	Thus, we name it as MobiQual-Light þ .
9653	It represents a special case of the MobiQual system with k ¼ l ¼ 1.
9654	Even though small query groups are unnecessary, the MQLS algorithm can support large k values with low overhead.
9655	It provides up to 12 percent better QoS compared to query-only load shedding and 5 percent better compared to Single Á-P.
9656	In this paper, we have presented MobiQual, a load shedding system aimed at providing high-quality query results in mobile continual query systems.
9657	Using such approximations, kNN queries can also take advantage of MobiQual.
9658	The enhancement of thermal transport properties of nanofluids was even greater than that of suspensions of coarse-grained materials.
9659	The above forces are computed separately as shown below.
9660	The correlations used to compute the physical and thermal properties of the nanofluids are listed in Table 2 .
9661	The density and specific heat of nanofluid are assumed to be a linear function of volume fraction due to lack of experimental data on their temperature dependence.
9662	Here, size of the cylindrical particles is representative of its diameter.
9663	The results of the scaling analysis on the particle temperature are plotted in Figures 7 and 8 .
9664	The role of slip mechanisms in different nanofluids is also understood from the scaling analysis in Figures 1, Table 3 Parameters and their ranges used for scaling analysis 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, and 8, and it is observed that for gold and copper nanoparticles suspended in water, the values of gravity, Saffman's, Brownian, Magnus, and rotational forces are higher than that of other nanoparticles.
9665	The volume fraction of the nanoparticles in the suspension plays an important role in the thermophysical properties of the nanofluids.
9666	The clients that wish to make use of these services can pick and choose between a diversity of offerings rather than being locked into the choices made by a single service provider.
9667	Figure 1 is an example architecture of a simple federated cloud.
9668	However, existing federation realizations greatly limits the ability of a user to "mix and match" service components from different providers, e.g.they cannot use compute services from one provider and block storage from another.
9669	All other services may be stood up by different providers, and a client can pick and choose between services of different providers exposed through the exchange.
9670	In this example, the lowest layer comprises Intel, EMC, Dell, Cisco and C3DDB 2 acting as hardware providers.
9671	The user interface for a client using the OCX has several key requirements.
9672	The first requirement means that the GUI exposes a marketplace of services in similar fashion to any app store, where the customer can shop for different services.
9673	For the third requirement, a new instance of the GUI is provisioned in client-controlled capacity, avoiding dependency on services from any one provider.
9674	To accomplish connectivity, it maintains a list of network switch ports, the NICs of compute nodes, and how the two are connected.
9675	CONCLUDING REMARKS Support for multiple, mutually distrustful, service providers to offer and deliver services to clients in the same cloud requires a set of architecture features that are a departure from the usual cloud support architecture.
9676	Competition will encourage transparency, which will in turn lead in turn to higher efficiency.
9677	A client can choose which underlying providers to trust, and can make her own tradeoffs of performance versus security.
9678	It is not clear yet if this elevated expression solely results from an enhanced proliferative activity of the fibroid compared to its tissue of origin or if the same oncogenic stimuli triggering the leiomyoma growth do simultaneously stimulate p14 Arf as an oncogene-induced senescence-like mechanism.
9679	For gene expression studies samples of 52 UL from 31 patients along with matching myometrium were taken during surgery, immediately frozen in liquid nitrogen, and stored at -80°C for RNA isolation and qRT-PCR analyses of p14 Arf .
9680	This finding has been confirmed here based on a larger series and makes MDM2 an interesting target molecule for the growth control of leiomyomas.
9681	E.g.
9682	The reasons for such an irregular sampling are multifold.
9683	In Section V, we derive asymptotic results concerning the moments and the LSD of VV H .
9684	Under such hypothesis, they obtained the important results that, given the phases distribution, the moments of VV H can be derived once the moments for the case with uniformly distributed phases are known.
9685	We also provide some numerical results that show the validity of our analysis.
9686	It follows that the MSE is lower-bounded by the measure of the total area where the probability of finding a sensor is zero.
9687	The fusion ring admits a presentation in terms of induction maps on bases for these twisted modules, and the level-independent finiteness of the fusion ideal follows.
9688	We are also indebted to Mark Haiman, Max Lieblich, and Andre Henriques for informative and illuminating discussions.
9689	Twisted homology theories enjoy all the good properties of ordinary homology theories, including the existence of a Mayer-Vietoris spectral sequence.
9690	Such bundles are called "Dixmier-Douady" bundles.
9691	We illustrate such presentations by explicitly describing the fusion ring of G 2 .
9692	The E 1 term of the twisted Mayer-Vietoris spectral sequence has the form are the reflections in the vertical, diagonal, and horizontal walls of the Weyl chamber decomposition of the dual of the Lie algebra of the torus of G 2 .
9693	Substituting the bases from Lemma 3.2 into this presentation, the complex in question appears as in Figure 1 .
9694	All semi-simple subgroups of E 8 arising as centralizers are twisted in this sense, and for entertainment we describe the structure of these groups in detail.
9695	Evidence from both primates and humans has shown that gaze direction processing is embedded in dedicated neuronal circuitry.
9696	This has typically been framed as arousal increasing the clock rate of a universal timekeeping mechanism 15 .
9697	Therefore, if greater arousal is achieved in the same physical time interval, that interval will be judged as longer.
9698	Differences in the rate of pupil dilation were not seen during duration classifications of equivalent Gabor carrier phase shifts, suggesting that arousal signals are only available, and therefore can be used as a clock signal, in the case of the timing of gaze behaviours.
9699	This suggests that in conditions of maximum uncertainty, participants passively relied on the 1 st stimulus as a reminder of the target duration, while they actively encoded the duration of the 2 nd stimulus to perform the classification task.
9700	This mirrors previous findings relating stimulus order in Standard/Probe comparison tasks to discrimination thresholds 16 : trials in which Standard is second have higher discrimination thresholds and are therefore more effortful.
9701	All participants had normal or corrected to normal vision.
9702	Informed consent was obtained from all participants prior to starting the experiment.
9703	Both avatars remained on the screen throughout the whole experiment, thus ensuring a constant screen luminance.
9704	Our previous results indicate that the way heat dissipation is simulated becomes important in strong external fields, when the energy dissipation during the characteristic relaxation time becomes comparable to the internal energy itself, and when allowing for the flow fluctuations contributes to formation of the response.
9705	Therefore, in addition to the electric current, we investigate in more detail how the process of heat exchange with environment is represented by different types of thermostats.
9706	In order to remove the Joule heating in NEMD simulations of bulk systems, a thermostat term is added to the equations of motion.
9707	The expressions for the thermostat multiplier ␣ are given in Refs.
9708	The difference is an indication of the importance of spatial and temporal flow fluctuations.
9709	The fielddependent conductivity in constant electric fields, including these two fields, for the same system has already been computed in our previous study 2 and is used here for comparison with the low frequency results.
9710	Electrostatic interactions were treated using the Ewald summation technique with the conducting boundary at infinity.
9711	The value of the feedback constant in configurational thermostat 2 / TC 2 was 100 Å 2 /ps 2 , except for the higher field of the three lowest frequencies where it needed to be increased to 1000 Å 2 /ps 2 .
9712	The production runs started from the equilibrated configuration and lasted for 8 ns, with a time window of 5 ps, within which the integral ͑7͒ reached a plateau value.
9713	If dc conductivity were a constant for the whole range of the constant field strengths up to its amplitude, there would be no distortion of the sinusoidal current form at low frequencies.
9714	When heat is removed to the environment at a constant temperature T, entropy of the environment increases at the rate Ṡ ϭϪQ /T.
9715	Data points are in the field of amplitude 12.2ϫ10 9 V/m with the configurational thermostat.
9716	The current correlation function has a negative long-time tail, which makes the imaginary part of the spectral density negative in a lowfrequency range.
9717	Nonlinearities appear at lower frequencies for smaller field amplitudes, and are manifested in the nonlinear increase in the amplitude of the first harmonic of the Fourier expansion of the periodic current form and the distortion due to the appearance of higher FIG.
9718	The difference is equal to the periodic change of the equilibrium Hamiltonian, obtained from its dependence on the instantaneous value of the field.
9719	However, data on optimum duration for MNP supplementation is still uncertain for countries like Bangladesh, particularly in slum settings.
9720	This comparison group was categorized in different age groups to match with 2 months and 4 months supplementation groups and IRRs were calculated after adjusting all possible confounders and compared over a period of 4 months.
9721	Initiation of breast feeding within 1 h of birth was higher among children with 4 months MNP supplementation.
9722	Thirty percent of the children were introduced to soft and semisolid food before 6 months of age.
9723	In comparison to MAL-ED children without MNP supplementation, after adjusting gender, nutritional status and food security status, for 6-11 months age group, there were higher incidences of diarrhoea, and ALRI in 2 months MNP supplementation group and higher incidences of diarrhoea and cough in 4 months supplementation group.
9724	In another study, Giovannini et al.
9725	In the previous research work, MAI was assumed to be a part of AWGN which is not valid.
9726	The MNCLMS algorithm converges on MSE of -16 dB in 2000 symbols.
9727	It is also evident that althoug there is a little deterioration in convergence rate but MNCLMS algorithm outclassed LMS and NLMS algorithms.
9728	From simulation results, it is evident that althoug both have better performance than other constrained algorithms but when LE and DFE cases are compared with each other, it is evident that DFE is converging faster than the LE algorithm in the AWGN channel environment as in DFE case, the algorithm achieved MSE at -16 dB as compared to LE which achieved MSE at -6 dB.
9729	Figure 10 shows performance of the MNCLMS algorithm using QPSK modulation and as evident again, this algorithm converged much earlier than the LMS, NLMS etc.
9730	For shot-noise-limited interferometric measurements the maximum sensitivity occurs when both the optical power illuminating the interferometer and the fringe contrast of the interferometer are maximized.
9731	We employ a postmodulation scheme for heterodyne detection, which uses the carrier light reflected from the interferometer as the local oscillator.
9732	With a linearly polarized input field at 0°the expression for the output is where 1 is the angle between HWP 1 's fast axis and the x axis, 2 is the angle between HWP 2 's fast axis and the x axis, x 1 is the power extinction ratio of PBS 1 , x 2 is the power extinction ratio of PBS 2 , the x and y axes are defined by the polarization axes of the polarizing beam splitters, and all angles are measured in degrees.
9733	The dark polarization, the minor axis of the ellipse, contains the signal field and is a measure of the phase shift.
9734	Detection of the outputs produces photocurrents containing in-phase current proportional to the local oscillator and out-of-phase current proportional to the dynamic phase ⌬, which are electronically subtracted to give the signal, ⌬.
9735	The maximum phase sensitivity of the Sagnac interferometer, as given in Eq.
9736	It is a straightforward extension of Malus' law 8 that a misalignment of the half-wave plate inside the interferometer reduces the power reaching the detector by cos 2 2⌬ 2 , where ⌬ 2 is measured in degrees.
9737	We intend to take advantage of the frequency independence of the interference by using a broadband light source to reduce the effect of scattered light inside the delay lines.
9738	A ggression is a known major workplace hazard in the healthcare setting.
9739	As a result, the techniques and strategies required to effectively de-escalate aggression remain unclear to the nurse confronting the aggressor.
9740	Where statistical pooling is not possible, the findings will be presented in narrative form.
9741	Three replications were used for each analysis.
9742	Total amino acid component of protein was assayed by the method of Mark et al.
9743	The effect of this action was however lost subsequently, leading to the early spoilage of the tubers.
9744	In this article, we present a retrospective review of our initial experiences and outcomes in a community-based hospital.
9745	Between July 2006 and July 2007, Morristown Memorial Hospital, Morristown, NJ, performed approximately 1,200 breast MRI studies and provided MRI-guided needle localization and biopsy for suspicious lesions.
9746	Lesions not visualized with ''second look'' techniques underwent MRIguided biopsy performed by 1 of 3 breast fellowship-trained, board-certified radiologists.
9747	All acquisitions were performed in an axial plane, with imaging bilaterally.
9748	In essence, the Court opined that criminalization was justified if it had been effective, proportionate and necessary for enforcement of environmental protection.
9749	Most institutions that play а crucial role in enforcement of judicial cooperation in criminal matters and police cooperation within the presentday EU had been in existence before enactment of the Lisbon Treaty: Europol, Eurojust, OLAF, and Frontex.
9750	Such designation of competence corresponds to the scope of investigative powers of the OLAF.
9751	It is associated with concepts of asymmetric integration, "constitutional variable geometry", and "the multi-speed Europe".
9752	Some authors regard it as a promising tool for energizing the development of EU law and for overcoming transitory difficulties, but fears that it may lead to disintegration rather than to further integration persist.
9753	Finally, the United Kingdom was granted an option to exercise a block opt-out from the area of police cooperation and criminal law, which it did in 2013.
9754	Enhanced cooperation may be regarded as an instrument for preserving the legitimacy and authority of the EU, since it enables the Member States to act in crucial situations in spite of opposition of one or more Member States.
9755	EU law in the subject area operates under a significant constraint -it must not infringe upon exclusive competence of Member States for protection of national security.
9756	The experience gained in applying the mechanism of enhanced cooperation so far, in conjunction with the concept of the European public order, increases the utility of judicial cooperation in criminal matters and police cooperation as the new unifying factor of the EU, despite its pronounced flexibility.
9757	All p values were 2-tailed.
9758	There were too few patients to assess whether RT was able to modify P/R risk.
9759	Analysis by the individual Simpson grade was not feasible with the limited number of Simpson Grade II and III resections, but the crude rates of P/R by Simpson grade are included in Table 4 .
9760	These data suggest that failure to achieve Simpson Grade I resection may be an important risk factor for P/R.
9761	The results of this study would have provided useful information to define the treatment paradigm of benign meningiomas.
9762	At present, only retrospective series exist supporting the role of adjuvant RT.
9763	Patients with any of the aforementioned risk factors, particularly patients with Simpson Grade II-IV with atypical features, may benefit from closer surveillance and consideration of additional therapies, including further surgery and/or adjuvant RT.
9764	RABV-antibody positive serum was prepared from blood of ICR mice immunized with rRABV-GMCSF vaccines .
9765	Supernatant was isolated for serum antibody analysis.
9766	The IgG concentration of each sample and control was calculated from each corresponding reference standard curve using a 4-parameter logistic regression equation of the KC4 program.
9767	Data are expressed as a fold change in the amount of tracer in tissues by comparison with the values obtained for tissues from negative control.
9768	All infected mice treated with medium only died by day 14 p.i.
9769	The results are depicted in Fig.
9770	Virus titers and virus copy number in brains, serum VNA and the expression of j-light chain mRNA in brains of immune-competent mice treated with VNA with or without MCP-1 after infection with DRV-Mexico.
9771	All mice treated with MCP-1 without RABV-antibody positive serum reached euthanasia criteria before D15.
9772	The highest virus copy number was observed on 10 dpi when infected mice developed severe clinical signs.
9773	In contrast, viral genomic RNA gradually decreased in the brains of mice infected with DRV-Mexico and treated with MCP-1 and RABV-antibody positive serum.
9774	To exclude the possibility that VNA-producing plasma cells entering into the CNS are absolutely required to clear RABV from the CNS, the experiment as summarized in Fig.
9775	In the present study, the role of MCP-1 in enhancing the BBB permeability was investigated, including the dynamics of BBB permeability change, the level of RABV VNA in the brain, and the down-regulation of tight junction proteins in the brain vasculature.
9776	However, intracerebral administration of live-attenuated or recombinant RABV still possesses safety concerns.
9777	A workaround could be to just fix priorities between them, so organizers and contestants would reach the most important goals but could just skip a few others according to their available time.
9778	That is certainly a tough issue which should be carefully dealt with.
9779	One of the underlying goal of CRV was actually to create them.
9780	Consequently the input program should not be preinstrumented.
9781	It also chooses the organization committee of the next edition.
9782	We limit our related work to competitions related to program analysis and provers.
9783	This way, comparison of tool expressiveness is made easier.
9784	Additionally, multivariate analyses were conducted to determine independent predictive factors associated with restoration of postoperative EF following prostate cryoablation.
9785	Appropriate needle positioning was verified by ultrasound image in both the sagittal and the transverse dimensions; a thermocouple was placed at the level of the urinary sphincter as well as in Denonvillier's fascia.
9786	Table 4 summarizes the logistic regression analysis for predicting factors associated with higher postoperative EPIC sexual domain scores after cryoablation.
9787	Table 5 represents a multivariate linear regression analysis regarding the correlation between either EPIC sexual function or sexual bother against several variables.
9788	Although prostate cryoablation has been reported to impair EF, likely resulting from freezing bilateral cavernous nerves close to the apex, one explanation for those men recovering EF may be due to nerve regeneration after freeze damage mentioned by several investigators in animal and human studies.
9789	In this study, urinary function worsened in the salvage setting compared with primary cryoablation, yet EF was not significantly different between the groups, consistent with our studies.
9790	The present study is not void of limitations.
9791	Therefore, potential undisclosed biases could affect the results of multivariate analyses.
9792	The participants were given no further instructions regarding the timing of the swallow and were free to initiate swallowing at any time after the cue.
9793	The data regarding differences between these two volumes in terms of the duration of swallow-related apnea and changes to the respiratory cycle surrounding the swallow are equivocal.
9794	Nonetheless, the current methodology is different from studies that used onset and offset of the actual swallow as markers for pre-and postswallow respiratory phase, and this necessitates the use of caution when comparing results.
9795	One implication of this finding is that various strategies may be employed in terms of respiratory phase to meet lung volume requirements for successful swallow execution.
9796	Findings for the Gross, Atwood et al.
9797	It was subsequently hypothesized that the respiratory phase following the swallow was the result of sensory integration and motor output organization at the level of the swallow and respiratory CPGs rather than being dependent solely on biomechanical events.
9798	Therefore, lung volumes achieved during swallow may result from two possible mechanisms.
9799	Furthermore, the cell shape, motility, end products from glucose and growth under anaerobic conditions of strain T were different from those of Alloiococcus otitis, Atopostipes suicloacalis and Dolosigranulum pigrum.
9800	This causes the OR to be further from 1.0 than the RR.
9801	Initially, you planned to investigate some number of clinical and laboratory findings as risk factors.
9802	Therefore, in our sample of 50 controls, we expect 15 exposed and 35 unexposed.
9803	There were 170 dogs in this group, of whom 40 had elevated NT-proBNP.
9804	Furthermore, we could not confirm the hydrolysis of aesculin.
9805	This information is of the highest importance when lipid profiles are composed mainly of unknown components, as is the case in chryseobacteria.
9806	The polyamine pattern consists of the major compound sym-homospermidine and minor amounts of spermidine and spermine.
9807	The quinone system is menaquinone MK-6.
9808	Emended description of the genus Chryseobacterium Vandamme et al.
9809	They were originally isolated from marine environments of Japan and Palau and from the Sargasso Sea, respectively.
9810	T by using a polyphasic taxonomic approach.
9811	As shown in Supplementary Fig.
9812	T formed a separate branch within the genus Ruegeria, as observed with 16S rRNA gene sequence analysis.
9813	The use of antibiotics as selective agents in the isolation of actinobacteria has already been mentioned as a successful method for the isolation of interesting strains originating Touati et al.
9814	The aerial mycelium was greenish grey and produced numerous spiralled chains of nonmobile spores on sporophores.
9815	WAB 9 produced a new, small, hydroxamic acid-containing molecule, displaying a broad antimicrobial spectrum with interesting activities against multidrug-resistant bacteria, filamentous fungi and yeasts.
9816	Briefly, 1 g of the soil sample was aseptically added to 9 ml sterile distilled water.
9817	MICs of pure bioactive compound were investigated using the conventional agar dilution method of Oki et al.
9818	Medium without active compound and inoculated with target micro-organisms was used as control.
9819	The fermentations were carried out in ISP-2 broth.
9820	This medium was chosen among several others because of its very good results in our preliminary work.
9821	Moreover, in case of a bigger traffic network, a combination of several demand flows has to be taken into account.
9822	On both levels, the proper knowledge of basic parameters the process is essential in the design of a valid traffic simulation, i.e.
9823	Additionally, open source simulators are also available, developed by universities or research institutes.
9824	Moreover, measurement data of average turning rates of junctions need to be available.
9825	The proposed method was demonstrated by using the well-known VISSIM simulator.
9826	Money is the ultimate object of liquidity preference.
9827	The outsideness underpinning the banking system is no longer a tangible metal, or even tangible liabilities of the public sector, but the experience of bank regulation and supervision.
9828	The use of the option clause, or even the possibility of its use, reduces the liquidity of bank liabilities and thus their moneyness.
9829	The stability of the smaller banks would then depend on the stability of the large banks, and the capacity of the large banks to assess the credit-worthiness of the small banks and to discipline imprudence.
9830	The stability of the system in other words would depend on the capacity and willingness of the large banks to act like a central bank.
9831	But this argument ignores the potential for systemic instability.
9832	The import of the argument presented here is that more attention needs to be paid instead to prudential regulation.
9833	Scotland was a small, cohesive community, with strong and stronglyperceived interdependencies.
9834	Such concentration is the natural consequence of the need to satisfy the demand for a stable money asset.
9835	Although these two methods might have different results, the difference would be normally very slight and the calculation based on CPI tends to get higher inflation rates than the one based on GDP deflator.
9836	Howerver, on the other hand, the household price fluctuated a lot since 1998 when China implemented the "Monetarilization of household distribution".
9837	Furthermore, the S value without household price is -6, which means that during most of the years, the inflation based on CPI without household price will be lower than the rate calculated on GDP deflator-a result consistent with the China data.
9838	The results of G7 countries show that the inflation calculated by using CPI is only slightly different from the one by using GDP deflator.
9839	In this section we introduce some coincidence point results for two rational contraction self-mappings on G.M.S.
9840	Consequently, z is unique common fixed point of A and B.
9841	Hence, it converges to a nonnegative number, s ≥ 0.
9842	The tails of rats in the experimental group by 2/3 of their length were submerged to the test tube with petroleum products in natural form, the tails of rats in the control group -into water.
9843	Each control and experimental group consisted of 7 animals.
9844	To compare two independent samplings we used the non-parametric U-criterion of MannWhitney, and the differences were considered as credible, taking into account Bonferroni correction.
9845	Results and their discussion.
9846	The clearance of creatinine and urea as well as the percent of reabsorbtion in the experimental animals did not differ from control.
9847	Herewith, the activity of glucose-6-phosphate-dehydrogenase and glutathione transferase was at the level of control value.
9848	The changed in the content of bitirosine and tryptophan in the blood serum of animals of both experimental groups is not observed that eviences the absence of the oxidative modification of proteins.
9849	The effects of vanadium doping on the structure, morphology, and electrochemical performance of LiFePO 4 /C are studied and discussed in detail.
9850	The solution was applied on aluminum foil and then dried.
9851	A field emission electron scanning microscope was used to characterize the samples' morphology, and the results are given in Figure 3 .
9852	It consists of cells, intracellular material, and extracellular matrix.
9853	In two groups, defects were filled by autogenous graft.
9854	Between 16 and 25 slides from each rat were stereologically analyzed.
9855	The μCT and stereological parameters were analyzed using the Kruskal-Wallis nonparametric test, followed by post-hoc group comparisons with the Bonferroni-adjusted Mann-Whitney U test, after a failed normality test of the data.
9856	In group C, new bone formation was only at defect margins and a thin layer of connective tissue was lying between defect borders.
9857	To test the hypothesis, 5 mm diameter critical-sized calvarial defects were created in rats; defects were filled by autogenous graft in the non-control groups, and local organic silicon was administered in the organic silicon group.
9858	Different studies have investigated effects of silicon on bone metabolism and different components of bone.
9859	Kim et al.
9860	In another study, the effect of silicon was examined on Type I collagen synthesis in human osteosarcoma cells and primary osteoblast-like cells.
9861	Based on stereological analyses, silicon had a positive effect on bone formation compare to the other groups.
9862	Another situation promoting the use of computers in education is considered to result from preferring it because of its game-based practices.
9863	In line with the literature summarized above, this study is considered to be unique contribution for the sake of the first Turkish educational software in our educational system for the purpose of teaching concepts to the young children with IH.
9864	The hearing loss that was already innate was realized only after 10 months.
9865	Rana is 5 years and 10 months old.
9866	Among the subjects she needs to take are maths, language, social communication skills and hearing training.
9867	The names of the children who participated in the research were changed.
9868	This phase when the intervention is applied to the young children with IH is referred to as "B".
9869	The true and the wrong answers given by the participants to the assessment questions in the wake of presenting the target stimulant were observed.
9870	Usage of software was taught to children by modeling.
9871	The accuracy percentages of each participant with respect to the concepts expressing both opposite concepts and emotions in all the stages of the study are shown for Ayşe, Elif, Serra, Rana and Ali in the figures 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6, respectively.
9872	In the figures are the baseline levels along with the intervention and maintenance sessions included, and in these sessions, the accuracy percentages of each participant with respect to the concepts expressing both opposite feelings and emotions are shown by means of two different series.
9873	The change regarding the learning process of the hearing-impaired children over the concepts expressing opposite feelings and emotions had taken place during the practice stages after teaching the educational software that was the independent variable of the research.
9874	After having obtained three data points in regard to emotions and opposite concepts at the baseline level, the process was passed on to the intervention level where emotions and opposite concepts were taught.
9875	As seen in Figure 5 , Rana's accurate behavior percentage data increased in all the stages.
9876	Do you think the preschool hearing-impaired children like practising this program?
9877	Task 2 was performed with about one click within 7,88 seconds on the average, which, among all the tasks, is the one performed within the shortest time and with the fewest number of clicks.
9878	In the application process of the research, the hearing-impaired young children were observed to have not much difficulty in general, especially in using the educational software developed.
9879	If the source is accreting from high density accretion flows, then these will strongly inhibit the flow of PI photons in certain directions and effectively shield portions of the surrounding medium from the direct effects of the source.
9880	The ionising photons will escape more easily into the low density cavities of the surrounding gas, and the accretion flows can remain mostly neutral.
9881	There is no additional computational overhead during the SPH simulation as all photoionisation calculations are performed once the simulation is completed.
9882	In this case each SPH simulation dump is discretised onto a 200 3 grid of cells.
9883	We assume a Salpeter IMF with upper and lower mass limits of 100 M ⊙ and 0.1 M ⊙ .
9884	Dale et al.
9885	Run A has the largest radius of the simulations to form any stars in D12 and shows diffuse structure.
9886	In run I the mass resolution is sufficient to consider the sink particles that form as individual stars and so we can directly estimate number of ionising photons produced from the stellar mass.
9887	The results from run I are also in reasonable agreement.
9888	It can also decrease if any ionised gas is subsequently accreted in our control runs, and therefore not present to be ionised.
9889	It shows the total numbers of sinks formed by the end of each simulation as a function of their mass.
9890	In figure 11 we show the final instantaneous SFR and neutral gas mass surface density in our photoionisation simulation, as viewed along the three axes of our simulation grid.
9891	We also show the observations of Heiderman et al.
9892	We see many regions in our cloud which overlap with the observed data of Heiderman et al.
9893	We neglect the dynamical effects of ionised gas that may provide additional forms of feedback due to the restrictions of our simulation.
9894	The three panels represent the simulation as viewed along the three principle axes of the simulation grids.
9895	Crosses are observed data from Table 1 .
9896	This will lead to a reduced kinetic energy which, again, will enhance star formation rates.
9897	This effect will lead to Hα emission that is non-coincident with the star formation.
9898	Knowledge of students' likely preferred strategies for participation that will be demonstrated through DA is useful for the teacher, as it can help in a better plan for interaction and engagement with the activities in the classroom, and can expand children's repertoires.
9899	The present study was, therefore, an attempt to look into the potential of DA in fostering enhanced oral narrative skills in EFL learners.
9900	This format presents the children with a standardized pretest first, followed by an interactionist intervention.
9901	In the following section, the significance of narrative tasks in terms of cognitive processing and interactional value is discussed.
9902	Narrative availability across various contexts, cultures, and times is an undeniable fact.
9903	The orally narrated stories were audio-recorded and subsequently transcribed.
9904	The mediation program was aimed at supporting students in their development of narrative production.
9905	The mediator offered feedback, gave explanations, and mainly focused on giving hints about answers while not revealing the answer.
9906	The raters were trained to provide a general rating for the quality of the speech with respect to five criteria, using any numerical value they considered proper.
9907	The major assumption of ANCOVA is the homogeneity of variances; as a result, Levene's test was applied.
9908	The integration of a contextualized narrative framework through the presentation of pictures to learners, as well as the provision of DA, are assumed to have worked in combination to lead to the positive results in the experimental group.
9909	Assessment is a relative concept and one individual performance is not a clear-cut index of real ability.
9910	DA attempts to achieve this; therefore, the conventional and traditional terms applied in NDA procedures such as generalizability do not apply in DA.
9911	We now define a game for determining L equivalence of structures.
9912	Again we omit the proof.
9913	But this is not a factor in the argument.
9914	Suppose / is strictly decreasing.
9915	KORUS-AQ is an international collaboration between U.S.
9916	Following a recent improvement in the timeliness of the satellite retrievals, the linear CO is initialised with CO analysis, while CO 2 and CH 4 are initialised with a 4-day forecast from the CO 2 and CH 4 40 km analysis in the 9-km forecasts.
9917	KORUS-AQ is a comprehensive field campaign based on international collaboration between U.S.
9918	We applied the associated averaging kernels from MOPITT and IASI to CAMS CO before comparison as these retrievals exhibit large sensitivities in the free troposphere.
9919	In contrast, CAMS underestimates CO with mean biases for FC16s, FC9s, and ANs against the DC-8 aircraft data of -19.2, -16.7, and -20.7 ppbv, respectively.
9920	We also calculated the associated Taylor scores to summarize the skill of CAMS in capturing the observed CO 2 or CO variations.
9921	Yet, for the May 3 rd flight, where a weak Chinese influence was expected, the scores of FC16s and FC9s are higher for CO 2 than CO, while we find the opposite for the June 2 nd flight, where the DC-8 aircraft sampled local influences.
9922	There is a systematic overestimation of CAMS CO 2 against the DC-8 aircraft data.
9923	This is not very apparent in CO 2 since there is an overestimation of background CO 2 superimposed on this difference.
9924	This again implies the possible inefficient BL mixing in CAMS over the Seoul urban environment.
9925	Our rough estimates of CO to CO 2 emission ratios in CAMS over Seoul and China during KORUS-AQ also show marked similarity with CAMS enhancement ratios.
9926	Signatures of elevated CO can also be seen at these sites, some of which coinciding with pollution transport from China sampled by the DC-8 aircraft.
9927	When compared to IASI, ANs are better in terms of RMSE and correlation, but not its bias.
9928	These two factors compete against each other.
9929	CAMS also show poorer performance at local-to-urban scales as exemplified by our case study in the June 4 th flight where larger variations near point sources were not represented in CAMS.
9930	Finally, this study has important implications on the design and implementation of current and future prediction system for atmospheric composition and air quality.
9931	This work is supported by NASA KORUSAQ NNX16AE16G and NNX16AD96G.
9932	Meaning, without good bureaucracy then public administration cannot operate well; hence nation"s goals would not be achieved.
9933	Meaning, bureaucracy is inefficiency in achieving organization"s goals.
9934	This research uses descriptive analysis method and qualitative approach.
9935	Literture review consists of books related to management, public administration and public policy issues.
9936	For example, bureaucrat can give service honestly to the people without bribing process through e-sanction at police department.
9937	Competence means having good work performance, such as demonstrates any initiatives, have good work skill, good work initiative, efficient and effective work activities.
9938	Improving knowledge such as from training also can enhance bureaucrats" knowledge.
9939	Best value also means providing services that should be accessible to those for whom it is intended.
9940	Therefore, best value principle is very appropriate at local government level.
9941	It is basically a consultation on performance framework.
9942	Based on above principles that should be implemented in an integrated way and under control of a best value -independent -commission, then there will be better services from bureaucrats.
9943	It should be embedded in our bureaucrats" working process, especially in this era where Indonesia is still facing extremely complex obstacles, including in disaster management.
9944	The aim of our recent study was to achieve such additional enhancement of the 'freewheeling method', allowing one to determine the rolling friction and air drag factor in a quick and reproducible way.
9945	Recording a decrease in speed electronically provides results that are more reliable than those from an earlier experiment, where a dictaphone was used.
9946	The effect of a small track inclination could be accounted for, by averaging values for F r in both directions.
9947	After the experiment, the tape can be restarted.
9948	The wiring of the SC.
9949	The first composition.
9950	Because the level of the composition was high, three of 16 participating students did not attend the practice and the test was evaluated over 13 students.
9951	In my opinion, the only negative aspect of this training was that it lasted very short.
9952	One student expressed that the time was insufficient; one student expressed negative opinion by finding the study too detailed.
9953	In the case of the uniform model, the expressions for the statistical quantities can be easily integrated, so that analytical expressions can be obtained.
9954	The density tool responds to the electron density of the material in the formation.
9955	There are many cross-plots models can be used for each formation to determine lithological type, such as mono, binary and triple-mineral.
9956	It was a mixture of natural as well as a man made mishap, especially human contribution for this event termed more than the former.
9957	Heavy funding and relief measures were deployed to compensate the losses.
9958	The higher levels of the mountainous areas consist of ice caps and rocks.
9959	Nearing the elevation level of 9,800 to 8,500 ft, temperate forests are found.
9960	Nearly 350 houses were destroyed, damaging the transport facilities at many places.
9961	The river banks of Uttarkashi were entirely wiped out by the influence of river Bhagirathi.
9962	The impact also paved way for huge landslides, which considerably contributed for the devastation, creating huge obstruction for the transport facilities.
9963	Since there weren't trees enough to hold the soil, these eventually lead to losing of bond between the sand particles.
9964	Various reasons were proposed as causes.
9965	Hence it is necessary of plantation of trees at a much more level in order to prevent the soil erosion and landslides during such mishaps, at a greater extent.
9966	However, it is subjected to notification that the water also stagnates along side with the mud.
9967	Fig  5 explains the structure of a fibrous root system and its method of implementation.
9968	The above methods proposed are cost effective and moreover, the implementation requires a schematic detail.
9969	Initially, the place which is prone to the land slides or the area which is already affected is carefully examined.
9970	These methods prove to be very advantageous since they are very cost efficient and the content is very less.
9971	Lime grass, a species of shrub, has an extensive fiber root system which can accommodate easily to the method.
9972	These phenomena not only trigger the soil erosion and frequent landslide occurrence, but also enhances poor occurrence of rainfall and induces global warming.
9973	So, it is necessary to avoid further deforestation and plantation of more trees, which may not be immediately fruitful, but provides a sustained benefit in the future.
9974	The key example of an integrable spin chain is the periodic spin- 1 2 XXX Heisenberg spin chain.
9975	As for the closed case the method relies on the Yang-Baxter equation but in addition to the R-matrices also incorporates certain boundary matrices obeying the boundary Yang-Baxter equation.
9976	Nowadays, interest in the Q-operators stems from various branches of theoretical physics.
9977	Even though the Q-operator is often referred to as the most powerful tool for the exact diagonalisation of integrable systems it has only been studied for a few examples.
9978	In this article we construct the Q-operators for the open XXX spin- 1 2 Heisenberg spin chain.
9979	We introduce the Lax operators for the single-row monodromies and derive the boundary operators for the Q-operators from the boundary Yang-Baxter equation.
9980	Here t 1 denotes the transposition in the first space of the symmetric R-matrix, cf.
9981	Here L is the length of the spin chain, i.e.
9982	The TQ-equation can be obtained from the algebraic Bethe ansatz.
9983	As the particle hole transformation does not change the commutation relations and the tensor product of any two diagonal matrices commutes with the R-matrix, we find that the Lax operatorsL ± satisfy the same Yang-Baxter equation as L ± , cf.
9984	The gray vertical lines denote the quantum space while the dashed and the black line denote the auxiliary space of T and Q respectively with the corresponding K-matrices at the boundaries which are indicated by the black vertical lines to the left and right.
9985	This is indeed true.
9986	An analogous derivation of the block structure holds for Q − but it also follows from the spin-flip symmetry discussed in Section 4.2.
9987	Thus we can parametrise the sum using the variables c ij .
9988	The new method introduced in this paper is more efficient than earlier techniques, and does not need any optimization or special canonical forms of matrices.
9989	Section 2 of this paper presents the details of the novel matrix algorithm.
9990	Then there is the only point, 0, which is not an endpoint of any of the q chords.
9991	Let us call the segment between the point 0 and the center of the circle the 0-radius.
9992	Let p be a prime number.
9993	Lemma 4.3.
9994	Let n ∈ C 2 .
9995	This is the smallest n ∈ P 2 .
9996	The construction of strong cardioidal starters of composite orders in details.
9997	While this question remains open, we managed to partly confirm Shalaby's Conjecture stated in 1991, by explicitly constructing infinite families of strong cardioidal starters.
9998	Why has Congress become more partisan?
9999	The percent of party unity votes as a share of all roll calls rose from 33 in 1978 to 56 in 1998.
